Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent.
olivas: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
olivas: How about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not bad, actually. I've been, you know, pretty considered I accidentally woke up at like 430 so it's like well I can get a little extra reading this morning. So I got up. I was like, all I'm awake usually wake up. So what's the difference
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me get in an Inuit for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm probably going to want to do a little bit more of the yam. Dr. Do you have the ability to set that up this morning.
olivas: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the two objects about a way
Gwenevere Abriel: You take the care that and then I'm going to get in this database here somehow
Gwenevere Abriel: Your, your mood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your overall mood and
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you been feeling your mood.
olivas: Yeah.
olivas: I'm
olivas: Happy
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see we needed to review calls or anything 230. Yeah, we do. Okay, so let me just jump in here and make a little me just make a statement for each one of these goals.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to work on assertiveness, so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your goal.
olivas: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Had a little bit in January of I, I was not
Gwenevere Abriel: I was not uncomfortable. Right. So that sounds like somewhat comfort in redirecting a friend slash coworker normally would have been a Pleaser in that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't be everything to everybody. So when you reflect, you know, over the last month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see yourself sort of making some improvement around assertive communication and in sort of confidence. I think there was a piece of that too.
olivas: Yeah, I'm feeling better. I'm feeling more comfortable and
olivas: My god.
olivas: My responsibility.
olivas: Is coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your ability to rely on your actual experience and right
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, solving a problem in the moment, things like that. Not deferring elsewhere, but are you noticing, you're able to sort of in a calm sort of relaxed body able to make decisions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give directives, yeah.
olivas: Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah, getting better. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm feeling more comfortable in my job and responsibilities.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything more on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Assertive part that you had noted that you
Wanted
olivas: Coming in here to to
olivas: Do my job and be, you know,
olivas: Leader
olivas: Delegate
olivas: Does it feel so
olivas: Weird
Gwenevere Abriel: What changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's different
olivas: I think my my bosses confidence in the 60s. We meet every week and see
olivas: He's good about telling me you're doing good on it. You're doing good on that.
olivas: Make sure you think about
olivas: Whatever when you're doing that foot feet to give me good tip.
olivas: For the week, or whatever has happened and
olivas: very encouraging.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to work on assertiveness, which you can use for your respective quite heard it. I can hear it in leader and delegate, but it's still a general
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can grab a story that evidence is that
I'm
olivas: What else my
olivas: Case workers.
olivas: came up to me last week and says,
olivas: I don't have my audit done and it's not going to be done. So if you guys have to write me up, then I guess I'm going to have a write up because it's just not going to get done.
olivas: So I so what what do you have done what. Tell me what you have
olivas: So we went and looked at his paperwork and he had most of it done in his computer. But he hadn't crossed check the hard files to have the right date.
olivas: For his treatment plans and everything is automated.
olivas: So he said,
olivas: I'm just been so busy as info swamp. So I said, well,
olivas: Okay. So, tomorrow you have
olivas: I see you have blocked.
olivas: For an hour a home visit a couple of home visits, I said.
olivas: You might want to cancel those and work on your audit so that you can get it done. I said, I don't want to get in trouble and not turn anything. So we need to try and work on this. And then as much time as you have to finish this because it's it was due at the end of the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was that like for you to to say you need to finish this to walk them over to literally look at what he has got into problem solving and gave him a recommendation of how to allocate his time and summary of you need to finish this.
olivas: What was that like for yeah it's not good i i'm
olivas: Felt good knowing that I knew, I knew it had to be done and I knew that his work needed to be turned in. And what they were looking for from us. So it was I was comfortable and telling him.
olivas: We got to get this part done I'll help you. I tell them, I'll even I'll help you. I'll say if you need help kind of push back on all my ideas. He didn't even like that do this well. There's no way I can cancel those home visits. And I said,
olivas: Well,
olivas: It looks to me like you don't have any other options like this is the last, that's the last hour of the day. And if you're not working on it.
olivas: You know at this point going to those home visits, you're not going to get, you're not going to meet your hours for the month as it is. So going there isn't even important anymore because if you're not meeting, you're not going to make sure our unit.
olivas: So I would really recommend
olivas: Counseling loan that our to have to work on it. You can have it back, how
Gwenevere Abriel: Distressing was his pushed back
olivas: He had a reason for, like, Well, no, because if I if I just had a cat. Although the because look at my week next week. And he's trying to show me all his birthdays and
olivas: I really have to get the home visits in and I'm like okay but decided is more important, they've told us, they've been telling us this week, we've known about this for a week.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's good. What I'm asking is how distressing. Was it
olivas: Was your
Briefs wedding.
olivas: Work for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like it, we got it like zero to 100 we've got 100 being sort of this I'm enraged can't think straight
Gwenevere Abriel: Or I want to run out of the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of at that zero is
Gwenevere Abriel: You're still able to look them in the eye and your voice stays real calm and you're staying poised very clear, you know, and so the heart isn't racing. Um, what, what was it like
olivas: Um, I wasn't out. I kept my composure and
olivas: Have my tone and
olivas: Trying to drive home the point that
olivas: This is important. We've known about this.
olivas: But I do want to use all our time that we have left to get it done.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you when you look at this goal. I want to work on assertiveness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you met your goal. Do you want to create a new one.
olivas: I'm
olivas: More work at it. I'm feeling that way.
Anywhere.
olivas: I'm feeling better.
olivas: Getting it done and and having to be the bad guy, you know, and
olivas: I don't want to
olivas: I want to be afraid to do it because I still sometimes I still feel a little anxiousness
olivas: And having in the moment of, okay, I have to wrap this up some state. I'm gonna have to, you know, this agree with what they're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is
Gwenevere Abriel: What if that never completely goes away. What is that if you knew that that was normal.
olivas: Um,
olivas: I'd be I'd be okay with that because I I still know that I know my responsibilities and I know what needs to be done and
Gwenevere Abriel: It kept you from taking action if it like you like like didn't leave your office you decided I would rather avoid conflict. Well, then we have something that's not adaptive, but it might just be because you are
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, we're the social people because you have awareness. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And habits attunement with others, you may still get a little bit of nervousness. Now I. That's what I was asking you earlier was how you felt when you were doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So really, one of the things that I had identified that might have assisted you was to identify identifying the environment people or the setting that you find
Gwenevere Abriel: most challenging and asserting your, your needs your wants preferences. So, and this is at work, which is you can do it anywhere but
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a particular type of person, is there a certain setting. Is there a certain environment that you can kind of zero in and you really what's left where you want to work. Would you say on assertiveness.
olivas: Well, I guess. With this particular
olivas: Coworkers he
olivas: He questioned everything that we have set in place he be
olivas: Intelligent and
olivas: compensable attitude comes across as kind of a know it all.
olivas: And why do you do things this way that's that's outrageous. I can't believe that there's such little oversight and the notes and nobody looks at them to
olivas: Double check our work and and it's like, well,
olivas: That's just how it's always been like, I guess you can talk to the boss. If you feel it, you know, you have something to contribute and you think something can can come something, there's a better way to do it.
olivas: Feel free to talk to, you know, the box. But for now, this is what we have to do.
olivas: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: What needs improvement. I can't, I can't hear it because at this point I can hear you're able to meet his resistance. And this is an example someone that pushes back at you.
And you gave him a solution. Tell me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you hoping that assertiveness will be without any of the angst and the nervousness.
olivas: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say
Gwenevere Abriel: Over time,
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll, you'll see, just as you have that it's gotten easier.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Take time really getting like this is not about me this resistance. You know, I just have this job to do. These are the member right this. These are the tasks of the job. This is what I'm asked to do. Are you willing to do your, your tasks.
Gwenevere Abriel: To kind of, you know, infrastructure and and systemic concerns that you have maybe or are for a broader audience in a meeting or you know somewhere week that can get solved, but that's a bigger
Gwenevere Abriel: bigger issue that would distract from what needs to get done in the next hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: That all won't get fixed in the next hour. But what I'm asking for can. So let's do what we can do in the next hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, right. And I think if you knew that there's going to be a little bit still present
Gwenevere Abriel: It means you're, you're still a caring person. You know, I think my guess is it's not going to go completely away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, meaning that you make out of it and then you regulate you go, okay, wait, no, I've thought it through. This is the appropriate thing this fits my job description.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I don't tell this person. I'm not doing my job. Well, then my fear is getting in the way. Okay, I need to go talk to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. All right, that's not happening then assertiveness right isn't isn't present
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll tell you what.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how stressful. That one was, let's go zero to 100 how distressing. Was it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll all extend target date and we'll find ways to continue to work on that communication with my mother, maybe a little statement about that one. That's a goal of yours. How you doing with it.
olivas: Um,
olivas: We've been back and forth a couple of times.
olivas: Nothing.
olivas: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice Your Your these both of these goals are very they're very general.
Gwenevere Abriel: Communication. There's no action. It's not something we can measure it, we could say you've been communicating. So maybe this goal is done. So I just, I wonder if what's needed here, both with work on assertiveness.
Gwenevere Abriel: That could be a lifetime, right, that can be a lifetime goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: ever stopped doing that really work on our style of it and sort of nuance and same with communication with Mother if they're a little vague there so general and I focus so much on on measurability and
Gwenevere Abriel: And things like that. This both of these are hard for me because I want to be like well, have you reached it or not.
olivas: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be helpful, but I can't tell what you want to do with communication with Mother, I don't know what you want to do it.
olivas: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Communication with all it says, Well, what about it. What do you want to do with it.
Yeah.
olivas: I guess I want to get the elephant out of the room about if we're gonna
olivas: Have a relationship. I mean, it's like we always do we get into this huge fight and then start happening again. And it's like nothing happened. And then we don't discuss what happened.
olivas: Um,
olivas: I guess I still feel like I need to discuss what
olivas: The problem in with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you need to actually discuss that's talking to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know the difference between talking to her being the outcome you want versus talking to her, and having her show she heard you validates you sees you hears you understand you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are different outcomes. So what do you want that represents communication with Mother. What, what do you really want
olivas: I'm always been afraid to open up a can of worms with her because of
olivas: Fear of what she's going to throw at me.
olivas: Because there's always
olivas: Will never be wrong and
olivas: Always have dinner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, she's been doing this for a long time she's better at it than you are.
Yeah.
olivas: So I don't want to
olivas: And I know that's why I avoid her. I know, that's why I avoid even going there with her. So I just keep it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's let's see which piece would feel good. Just imagine that we're able to tell her.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said you there's a discussion. You want to have
Gwenevere Abriel: And she was quiet long enough to listen or you wrote it gave it to her an email or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that Saturday satisfy communication that she just listened to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you got to tell her uninterrupted
olivas: Yeah, that would be that would be good to be heard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heard okay then. And that's different. So now I'm thinking. So watch what happens. Imagine that you just wrote her an email, you got it all down on paper and you hit send.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the experience of being heard.
olivas: No, I want her to understand my word. I want her to
olivas: Understand my
olivas: Frustration and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what about her as shown you that she's capable emotionally capable of doing that.
olivas: I don't know, she's capable, see what she wants to hear
olivas: I don't know if she'll ever
olivas: Ever actually
Gwenevere Abriel: So you realize that you set yourself up a goal that has nothing to do with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Based on someone else's action we I can't make her here you
Gwenevere Abriel: Maker here you
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't be
Gwenevere Abriel: Something non threatening to her. She, she's got a story. She's got to stick with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You set yourself up for this impossible outcome.
olivas: If it
Gwenevere Abriel: Was just I want to write this letter. I want to get it off my chest. I want to know she read it. Hey, could you just let me know if you read it.
Gwenevere Abriel: She writes back read it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
olivas: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it. These are things you
Gwenevere Abriel: Do something about
Gwenevere Abriel: This is setup for just chronic frustration and
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably a lot of other things you know that continuation of shame and
Gwenevere Abriel: Not liking yourself because you're avoiding her, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hasn't changed what, why, why would you want your children to hang around anyone who hasn't changed now. Well, why would you want you to be around someone who's not kind
Gwenevere Abriel: Not maladaptive that's adaptive
Gwenevere Abriel: Now if you want to see yourself. Ask and say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Combination of assertiveness and communication. I'm going to do it once or twice. I'm going to invite it maybe a couple times a year. I'll say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't normally have these kind of talks, but
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to share with you.
olivas: Something
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you open to listening and understanding the mom. Is that what you want to do that first invitation.
olivas: Would be a good
olivas: Way to open the door.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well then, then you know you also heard yourself say just now. I don't think she's ever going to be able to understand and hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But maybe it's not if you're willing to accept the fact that the answer may be no and the response. Maybe I'll never understand you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if that's kind of what it's going to take for you to sort of finally accept
Gwenevere Abriel: What is
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this other way, you're doing it is you're giving yourself a hard time blaming yourself for this avoidance that you're doing. So somehow it's your fault. Now that's natural to avoid someone who's, who's doesn't respect boundaries, who's sort of manipulative and
Gwenevere Abriel: But if this task, right here, see communication with mother is what it's coming down to is you want to see yourself reach out to her if that's going to feel good in and of itself. You're going to like yourself. Having done that, at least I opened it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then okay then. Is that, is that really the task that you want to do.
olivas: I don't want to do it.
olivas: I i I've avoided it for so long that
olivas: I just have her at arm's length and
olivas: And I've been okay with that. But I feel like she's
olivas: Like she's saying.
olivas: I miss you.
olivas: When can you come visit and and I feel like, Well, how can we do that.
olivas: Without what's wrong. Oh, yeah. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you need to, kind of, I think, get a sense of what you're willing to accept.
Gwenevere Abriel: What bottom line is for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: If there are certain things that she does that, you simply will not tolerate. Then you can name those I want you know I wanted this has got to be your own deal Carolyn, it's, you know, but maybe it's something like, hey, I
Gwenevere Abriel: kind of pulled back because, you know, each time we we talk, it seems like I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I end up saying something that offends you, or something happens and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really confused about it because I feel like I'm getting more and more direct and more honest and
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. Carolyn me, are you able to identify what the problem is with, are you able to say, I kind of see what's going on here. In order for me to hang out with you more. I need this mean, what do you want for
olivas: It to be easy. I don't want to have to feel
olivas: Like I have to
olivas: Watch what I say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
And you don't have what
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want her to do differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this stuff I don't want to watch what I say. You don't have to that you have control of that's the assertive stuff that's the self confidence. That's you. Just saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not going to get hung up on looking at her face looking at her response to something, letting that thread of really, really old abandonment.
Gwenevere Abriel: dictate what I feel. Instead, I'm just gonna do what I want to do once you really, I think, come to terms with that it's freeing and you're just like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I i I'm happy I want to spend time with you but you're going to see a really candid woman here you're going to see someone who's just says exactly what she wants, and does
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been doing it more at home. I've been doing it more work. And it kind of like it might be different for you, Mom. I've cut back on sort of focusing in on. I'm kind of making you happy, I need to sort of focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of a lot of what makes me happy to and
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever it right. Whatever your truth is I don't know what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this part. Watch what I say. You don't have to watch what you say. You just have to live with her reaction that you have control over.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're sitting here saying, you said the worst thing she may never change if you really believe that an accepted it and you can hang out with her all day long.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's going to do her thing, and you're going to be like well
Gwenevere Abriel: These 20 minutes we're not bad. These last 10 it's getting kind of uncomfortable. I can see she's doing her normal game. And I think you know what I'm going to head on back to the house. Maybe we can connect with next weekend and go by.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not trying to change her accepting what is the one
olivas: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Do you, you don't have to be small. You don't have to do that thing you've been doing for so so long pretending to be something you're not he
Gwenevere Abriel: Do your thing, but detaching from a change in her behavior would probably serve you.
olivas: Yep.
olivas: Not
olivas: To accept that it's not gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: As a side note, if you happen to see something different, which you have
Gwenevere Abriel: You set a come. It's just book just little blips you'll notice them and it will be nice. Just don't attack them acknowledge
Gwenevere Abriel: That was nice. Look at her. Maybe she's, she's got a little self awareness today.
Gwenevere Abriel: But don't take don't expect that it's going to be that way forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: But these different pieces. One of them is, if you want to see yourself set up that invitation.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's the goal, then I'll write it down, then that's the goal.
olivas: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll be some more precise thing real timeframe, like, okay, I want to invite her this month tomorrow this weekend. I want to do it in person. I can see what I'm going to do it. I want to know, how do you want to do it. When do you want to do it.
olivas: Talking about
olivas: Going down there to visit so at
olivas: One of these weekends coming up.
olivas: I can take a trip down there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what are you going to say to her.
olivas: Tell her that
olivas: I want to work on this.
olivas: But
olivas: To get my
olivas: Clear the air.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might help since she's not familiar with this really what clear the air as a metaphor, so be really clear about what you
Gwenevere Abriel: Want
olivas: Because that's going to her some
Gwenevere Abriel: Some boundaries, some structure on what to expect from you so she doesn't freak out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is clear is that she might think about that just unload on her.
olivas: Would you
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, how hard
olivas: Would you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to that meeting. If someone says, I want to
I want to meet with you. Oh.
olivas: Yeah, that would
olivas: Be
Gwenevere Abriel: Like oh, they're really going to rip me a new one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really want to really go specific
olivas: Okay.
olivas: I want to talk to her about
olivas: Everything that been going on in the difference between a lately.
olivas: I want to talk about why it was that way and move forward and
olivas: What we can and
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a question for
olivas: Listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do you think she'll say to that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I notice now accepting and willing versus getting her to behave differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot less pressure right if you just say
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I would like to just be heard just
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me talk to you about what was it, why I've had the distance lately.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe explore how we can move forward and maybe my ideas are our ideas we can exchange about what we what we can fix what we can and can you, can you just listen.
olivas: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that getting closer to what you really want to do as a first step here.
olivas: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how can I be helpful. What's, what's coming up for you or concern.
olivas: Just doing IT doing it to the extent that she when she first headset and said we need it off because it's like there was a lot of miscommunication what happened and
olivas: Kind of left it in my
olivas: Court. Okay, so I knew, call me please call me when when you've got
Gwenevere Abriel: The she opened the invitation and you've just been kind of stalling on it.
olivas: I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's instead just just take today and just pretend on her, don't just run it through like what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Ties at once you're ready to tell her. Maybe you'll edit some things you'll add some things you'll notice, maybe I'm not saying it the way I want to have had to kind of clear that find another way to say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Though
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you picture with her. You're at coffee or in her living room, where are you
olivas: The mobile
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not the childhood kitchen is it. This is not the
olivas: One more.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. All right, so we're there. And then kind of it's handy to have some distraction stuff to kind of keep it's nice to be actually doing something where we're not just
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not a possibility that you're making some food proper doing something together. Is that a possibility.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
How would you start
olivas: Well,
olivas: I want to talk to you about
olivas: This whole mess and
olivas: Why we're not, we haven't spoken in so long.
olivas: Been several months that we
olivas: Haven't talked to each other and how it see each other and
olivas: I wanted to clear the air and make make sure we
olivas: Talk about it. We never talked about thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get defense.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're going to be defensive. We never talked about things.
Second thing.
olivas: I don't know is expensive. I know you know the true
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Carolyn, what I've noticed so far is a lot of
Gwenevere Abriel: We, we haven't been doing this. Oui oui oui oui oui oui, you haven't done yet. Is the new approach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: owning your own feeling now getting out crossing the boundary on to her side, which you don't like when she does to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Staying on your side and owning your truth I
Gwenevere Abriel: Have this is me. I have been avoiding
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about what I've been going through over these last months because I'm afraid.
olivas: The difference
Gwenevere Abriel: What you were doing was analyzing for the both of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: We haven't been talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have your side of the story. Maybe she'll share hers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you wouldn't like it if she did that, she said, well, we, we just are never gonna be like bloody blah, blah, blah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: You just talk about yourself, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Yes, it's riskier. But there's no room for
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no way it can be misunderstood. It's this is how I felt feel this is real. I have
Gwenevere Abriel: What once you try it, see how that feels to talk to me that way. I'm going to be her try it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another meeting, you know, like, I'm glad I'm here. I love up
olivas: I
olivas: Want to talk to you about why I've been
olivas: Avoiding you
olivas: I felt very sad out on
olivas: So,
olivas: That
olivas: Every time something happens to my sister to shut me up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, take a deep breath.
olivas: Um,
olivas: I don't understand.
olivas: I don't understand it as it hurts my feelings.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, it's very possible. If you keep going on and on and on. This won't get addressed. So if you don't let quiet happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You move on to the next thing, and you just with this just clearing the air, you're never going to get maybe the even the remotest possibility of seeing him, her eyes that she understands what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: That out is an expression
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any possibility. She's gonna she's going to be. I don't shut you out. I have texted you. Every time something goes on. I tell you, when she goes to the hospital. You see,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a possibility that you can be more specific about shut out still a little
olivas: Nothing to do with me.
olivas: And I'm
olivas: I was trying to find out where she was and what was going on and I even called the hospital and they wouldn't give me any information. And when I asked you.
olivas: If he would call them and give them permission to talk to me.
olivas: You said
olivas: That I can't do them.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is behavior that is the definition of shout out. So I feel shut out. I feel an included
Gwenevere Abriel: Unimportant and dismissed right getting into actual feeling words. When, you know, for example, Mom, dad got hospitalized and I really wanted to
Gwenevere Abriel: Get in there and help and understand and the support and I couldn't, I couldn't get there because you wouldn't give me consent to call go and you were saying you were sick. That's, I felt shut out and I now here's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you stop there and you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to understand it because I'm making up a story about why you did it. And I want. I'm here today to check it out to check my assumptions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom, do you know why you did that.
I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Even you know when we're sick. Well, then we want to lean on family more like
olivas: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: It didn't make sense to be a mom. Maybe there's big piece that I just don't get our. Do you know what was going on. Like, how, how was shutting me out, helping you. How did that help you
Gwenevere Abriel: I couldn't help my sister and I got even more scared and and I made up a story that and that's the thing. I don't know what's the story you made up about that. Carolyn, what she did.
olivas: He did it.
olivas: couldn't be bothered. She didn't want me to bother her with my questions or with my with anything.
olivas: That fell on me. I'm just so heartbroken and
olivas: So,
olivas: I didn't think that I felt like she
olivas: doesn't leave me alone. Don't, don't bother.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that might very well be exactly what was going on in the air is telling her how that impacted you then there's more how that impact you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I if I say well I was sick, and I had enough pressure and I didn't want to deal with your questions.
olivas: Maybe feel
olivas: Unwanted and
olivas: Unimportant and I was just trying to
olivas: Help my sister. However, I could. I didn't know what was going on.
olivas: I love her. And I just, I was worried
olivas: I was hoping that she would give me some information.
olivas: Okay, you're not feeling good. So, okay.
olivas: I can call and figure it out, but they're not going to talk to me there. I already tried that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what are you afraid of will happen in the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: while you've been avoiding her. Okay, so what are you afraid of will happen in the future.
olivas: Something
olivas: Let me down with a
olivas: One liner that that good to
olivas: Me often
Gwenevere Abriel: So far, I want you to do it right now we don't have a lot of time. So I'm going to give you a one liner, you're going to
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to remember that what you're here to do stay in the moment be authentic, be honest be direct and assertive and communicate what's on your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which also can occur in the moment.
olivas: Yes, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Here the air about history, but it can also happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: A new one right in here. And that's right. Gonna could throw the whole agenda off.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could shut yourself down right
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you know how to say and and just now what you just said, is an example right now. I'm feeling shut down, shut up. I'm cut cut off and
Gwenevere Abriel: This is why I'm here right now long, that's a great example because what was your intent in saying that, what were you hoping I would do.
Gwenevere Abriel: A when you said that just now. It's a good example of why I've been kind of like avoiding connecting and talking with you for these last months. It just happened, Mom. This is a good way for me to understand
Gwenevere Abriel: How that's helping when you said you see it here now happening now. You already know it's going to happen. He's the reason why you've been avoiding her
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that you can be in this immediate moment hold onto yourself not go to. I'm a bad girl Yeah get small stay in your strength.
Gwenevere Abriel: And find out what it's doing to serve her in her snippy little comment. Give me one that she might say,
olivas: Well,
olivas: I'm surprised that you care, you don't you don't live here. You don't call you don't check in on her.
olivas: So why would it matter to you because you you're not here. You don't see her, like I do, you don't see the payment goes through. I'm the one that had to deal with her, not you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what are you feeling right now. Carolyn Sun just came up
What is
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what are you feeling that's what she's doing.
olivas: She's not make me feel
olivas: More again. It makes me feel
olivas: Like, I don't care. I know I did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Did You Do you not care about your sister.
olivas: I do and I love her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not true. Then if I say something
Gwenevere Abriel: I get to be wrong. Just because I'm your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm wrong. I'm projecting and blaming you, because I don't want to sit with the fact that she just called me out. I don't want to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not the boss of your emotions. I don't make you feel anything you don't you confused by what I'm doing that I get, but you just, you know, whether you care about your sister and I can't make you care not care. Just because I say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, to hold on to your truth. What I say need not move you across the chessboard, you know who you are, if you care. It doesn't matter how many times I say you don't care about your sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't there there. You weren't there. But if you actually feel guilty about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a different conversation. Carolyn.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, good, fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you don't have to be offended by someone misunderstanding you this is I'm going to own it. This is my agenda. I don't want
Gwenevere Abriel: To talk about what you're talking about. So I'm going to say, well, I'm surprised you didn't care. You don't live here. You don't color you don't
I would
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's my coping mechanism.
Gwenevere Abriel: Choose not to be offended. Hold on to your truth. Just because I say something. Yes, you can recognize it as familiar used to get small. But now, if you could put some distance between that
Gwenevere Abriel: It represents the on your whole point of going down there to see her. This is old. That's it. Mom, you just did it.
That's the thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so instead of getting can be like, Oh my gosh, this is perfect. It just happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm right. I'm trying to tell you about how I had felt sort of excluded and shut out and all of a sudden
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how you just said you're surprised. Now we're talking about your surprise. Mom, can we spend a little bit more talking about, you know, listening to, I feel, you see, because what I did was make it about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, well, I'm surprised you care I that moment I turned it from listening to my daughter to about will pour me
Gwenevere Abriel: Up if you stop making such a like heavy thing about like oh my gosh yeah this is a perfect example.
olivas: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we could talk about your surprise a little in a little bit. Mom, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Hear me out. I really want to make sure, because I know a lot of months have passed where I couldn't clear the air on this and be really clear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, there's that version or the other one which was that thing that that statement you just made. Mom, that's a good example. I feel shut out right now. I feel I don't feel heard and so now we're going to talk about your surprise and I'm not going to get heard, can we do
Gwenevere Abriel: My mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Carolyn, you're going to find out limitations for her very quickly if
Gwenevere Abriel: You're asking a very mature insightful response. She has not done work.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be like
Gwenevere Abriel: A hash. She can't do it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The whole time. Don't let go.
She doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how you feel.
olivas: Yeah, my
Gwenevere Abriel: Summary might just be you know what mom, I think our, our style of
Gwenevere Abriel: Communication just just may have changed, or I've changed so much around it that
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just about acceptance. Maybe I accept sort of your style. And let me let me let me know mom my way is a lot more direct and
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot less what I'm calling for this people pleasing and I really just sort of them zeroing in on a very authentic communication. So there might be times when I pull back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I don't understand that. Like that thing you did mom with I'm surprised at it. Uh, I don't understand the intention of you're saying that because it just is it just hurts me
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like you don't see that. Of course I care about my sister, like what
olivas: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's very confusing and either kind of talking literally about what just happened 20 seconds ago, or I think I'm just going to kind of just let you know i'm going to operate on some acceptance some radical acceptance and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Will just kind of keep it light and fluffy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if we can kind of get along that way. But I'm going to ignore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm like my next client just came in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, Carolyn. So what do you think
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure. Here, like I want to review some more.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can even do the MTR around what what you're doing what you're talking about. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I have someone at seven. So yeah, it can be six on the 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's a that's not going to do anything for Valentine's Day at six in the marina doesn't three offer anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I will see you then.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Anthony Garcia: Good morning. Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's do a little sound check how some house audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is good
Anthony Garcia: Oh my side is good. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, your site, it's good, it's good.
All right.
Let me open up a note for us this
Gwenevere Abriel: How much sleep. Have you been getting
Anthony Garcia: Um,
Anthony Garcia: I mean, I get decent sleep, but the only thing is, is that I wake up a lot during right. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this kind of knew
Anthony Garcia: It is pretty new yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many days or weeks.
Anthony Garcia: I would say at least a couple weeks now.
Anthony Garcia: Pretty much since I've been down the point to five.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long does it take to get back to sleep.
Anthony Garcia: To be honest, I would say maybe 30 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: And what are you doing to
Gwenevere Abriel: Fall asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you do to try and
Anthony Garcia: Just lay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do recommend that that diaphragm matic breathing, actually, that can help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Progressive
Gwenevere Abriel: muscle relaxation, which I can go over with you, has can be helpful to
Gwenevere Abriel: Know started
Gwenevere Abriel: What else besides kind of wakeful sleep and you're waking up three or four times a night half hour fallen asleep. What else is you're noticing is going on.
Anthony Garcia: Oh, I noticed that I don't have as much anxiety and more as I used to. I guess.
Anthony Garcia: Even when I'm having stressful moments and stuff. I'm just not really that stressed anymore, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Me an example of where that's very tangible for you.
Anthony Garcia: I would say like my daughter, you know, eat like she's 13 now so Texas there after school. Hang out with friends and stuff and
Anthony Garcia: And yesterday I went to Family Dollar to grab me some m&ms. And as I was coming out of the store. I seen her and about like 10 of her friends hanging out there in front of Family Dollar so she's seen me. She got like kind of surprised but I gave her a hug told her.
Anthony Garcia: I asked her how she is she doing okay. Is everything okay he said you have $1 on their be home in about like 30 minutes before it gets dark. And I got in my car and I went home, you know, and
Anthony Garcia: She came home about 20 minutes later and usually how I would say I would have been was, I would have got mad. I want to pay cussed out or something in front of her friend maybe embarrassed or something.
Anthony Garcia: Put her in the car and brought her home.
Gwenevere Abriel: School or something, huh. She's skipping school or something.
Anthony Garcia: No, no, no, no. It was after school because this was about 530 when I when I was coming home.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, as a parent, what's the problem behavior that she was engaged in it. And what, what would you have customer over what was she doing wrong. I don't understand.
Anthony Garcia: I told her to be home after school. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: There you go. Got it.
Anthony Garcia: Right when when I dropped her off in the mornings, most of the time. Like right now, today, I'm not going to be able to she's gonna have to walk to school.
Anthony Garcia: But I usually drop her off. And when I dropped her off. I always tell her be home right after school.
Anthony Garcia: You know, and if she has like some kind of after school game or something just text me let me know and then she has to tell a grandpa so
Anthony Garcia: But she didn't tell me nothing. I didn't know nothing in the next, you know, it's 530 and almost dark time and she's out there still and
Anthony Garcia: I was surprised. You know, I ain't gonna lie. I was a little bit angry and upset, but I didn't lash out at a right then and there, and I didn't lash out of her later on either, but I did explain to her as I actually got home and stuff that this is what I expect of her stuff like that so
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. No.
Anthony Garcia: She didn't yell at me. She didn't call me like names and stuff. She didn't slammer doors. I mean, she I think she was more surprised. And I was like,
Anthony Garcia: To me yesterday was
Anthony Garcia: Different, you know,
Anthony Garcia: So I was like, kind of proud of myself, you know, I felt like I acted more like the
Anthony Garcia: Actual like a human being, you know, like now like childish person.
Anthony Garcia: That's how good you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, okay. I like it. That's a really good example. What about let me poke over here on, I want to say $3,000 for a place. Now I know you're not over at your sisters. I have not had an update on this for a long time. Where are you at with it.
Anthony Garcia: So since then, I have not saved, any money.
Anthony Garcia: But I am paying off my debts.
Anthony Garcia: I have student loans that I've been working on. But I got put into forbearance until April. So I'm good for payments on that for a while but I started catching up on that. I got two credit cards that I've been catching up on trying to pay down
Anthony Garcia: Time.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much is left on the credit cards total
Anthony Garcia: I think I got 147 on one and then like 170 something on the other and then both my limits are 300 on both. But just like two weeks ago I was over 300 on both of those.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Anthony Garcia: Well, good coming down.
Anthony Garcia: I'm hoping that when I get down to zero that they'll maybe like bumped me up to like 500 500 on both. And I'm just going to leave those for like emergency
Anthony Garcia: Not gonna use the cards at all unless it's like an emergency. Maybe during the week I needed a gas to get to work like on a Thursday or something.
Anthony Garcia: Use it for gas, maybe some cigarettes or whatever and then kind of keep it low that way, always have the kind of them are going to merge on. I know that's not like a real emergency fund, but I guess.
Anthony Garcia: That's better than nothing, you know,
Anthony Garcia: My sister still got my money.
Anthony Garcia: She hasn't asked me about it. I don't tell him nothing about it. I haven't spoke to her in about two weeks.
Anthony Garcia: Okay.
Anthony Garcia: With anything away.
Anthony Garcia: Since I left her house, but she still has, I can say 3000 but I think it's like in the 20 something hundred range.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last time you told me it was 2700
Anthony Garcia: That was that's where it's at, because I have not put any more money in it at all.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I was. This is what gave me any either. So by
Gwenevere Abriel: August, it's been it's been at that number for a while.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I haven't put any away. I've been trying to take care of other things.
Anthony Garcia: Desktop did get really, really slow for November, December in January, I have all the girls birthdays Christmas.
Anthony Garcia: For those months. So I got through it.
Anthony Garcia: It was stressful. I didn't think it was going to happen the way I thought I was like making myself like over crazy about it. And then after the few little things that happened and gives you a little, few gifts here. Everybody was happy. And it's gotten me, you know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: How many times have you, let's say, over the last month. How many times have you gone to the casino for any reason.
Anthony Garcia: Probably four times five times.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many times did you gamble five out of five.
Anthony Garcia: Four out of five. The one of the times I didn't have money. We just me and my homie Robbie went to go watch the games football games. I didn't gamble at all that day. But the other four times yes I did gamble.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much money have you lost total
Anthony Garcia: Us and I would say maybe $600
Anthony Garcia: It could be a little bit less could be a little bit more but that seems about right. Catch I don't spend too much, but
Gwenevere Abriel: When you use to, you know, prior to treatment. How many times were you were you gambling, a month.
Anthony Garcia: Palio most
Anthony Garcia: 1234 I would say maybe 10 times a week. I mean, a month 10 times a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's a little improvement there.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I mean there is
Anthony Garcia: I'm still a little bit disappointed at myself.
Anthony Garcia: I really wanted to make this year. A year that I did not go gamble.
Anthony Garcia: It hasn't happened yet.
Anthony Garcia: I do congratulate myself.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know about congratulate, but I do like telling myself that you're doing a good job.
Anthony Garcia: I'm not going like every day, like there was a time there was going before work, you know, yes. Yeah, so I don't do that anymore.
Anthony Garcia: When I do go on like Mondays, because they do give me some free play there. I'll do like to use it. I have not spent my own money during that time.
Anthony Garcia: I know once the weekend comes I get a little bit bored. I don't really have like friends, friends, where I can hang out with
Anthony Garcia: People that I can really like talk to and I don't know it's just like, I don't really have much, you know, so
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, just seems like that's like the only place I feel comfortable and
Anthony Garcia: I feel comfortable there, I guess. And you know, it's like I sit there. Sometimes I be I told myself, I'm not going to gamble. I'm going to go. He just check things out for a minute and never happens that way sometimes I don't even eat some Ray want to get in there, go straight to the machine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, you're still, you're still lying to yourself, Anthony. No, nobody nobody's going to go to their, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: To the neighborhood where they used to get their stuff right and be like, Oh, I'm just here to
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to the gaming store or something. I mean, that, that's silly. You're not going to put yourself in that danger, you're not quite ready to let this go
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, no, I, I think, yeah, I have been lying to my seconds I tell myself I can control myself and and never have the Anthony
Gwenevere Abriel: You said out loud, I'm addicted to this.
Anthony Garcia: Yes, I know. And to me, I don't see it as an addiction, you
Anthony Garcia: You said I know and I'm trying to like convince myself that it's not, you know, and it's
Anthony Garcia: But it's funny because sometimes when I'm in there. It almost feels like I'm on a drug.
Anthony Garcia: Sober it feels like I'm on a drug. I feel like weird, you know, uncontrollable, you know, and
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. And then, you know, I leave sometimes and I
Anthony Garcia: Was like, I could have done this. I just bought this, I could have done this and I could have done that. And that's what causes me like a almost like in a panic attack to where I get like
Anthony Garcia: I don't know if there's like a mother.
Anthony Garcia: Passed out, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, all that energy could be going into something else. But let's focus elsewhere for a minute. Let's come away from that. I think we should probably write out some goals ones that work for you on that topic, but let's just come over here to some other stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the major goals for you is managing stress and anger that's got it. It's a goal that it moves throughout several tasks.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the things that I can identify that I thought would help is to learn and implement implement conflict resolution skills to resolve in our personal problems. So I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking with your dad because that's the big one. That's, that's the, that's the one that gets you even thinking about your dad can piss you off.
Anthony Garcia: I know it, like, yeah, I don't know. I don't want to get too detailed. But yesterday. He was walking up the stairs and right away in my head. I was thinking like what dumb ass, you know, for no reason. And I don't know, I just felt bad you know I feel bad that I think that way. Oh.
Anthony Garcia: And he didn't do nothing. They just came downstairs, got himself some water out of the fridge right and then went back upstairs. I don't know, just pissed me off. Why
Gwenevere Abriel: Well you know that you have projected these
Gwenevere Abriel: Thoughts, you just did what a dumb ass, you know, you've projected them on to him as it sounds, what he's thinking about you. You guys do you anyway. I met him. I don't know if he's doing the same thing but you project, project, project, project all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: He must think I'm an idiot. He thinks I'm an idiot.
Gwenevere Abriel: To say you're an idiot.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I don't know. Are you making that up in your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, but you do it to him right you're calling him a dumb ass and you're thinking, maybe he's thinking you are a dumb ass.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I mean I can see it that way. But I don't just do it with him. I, I guess I kind of do a little a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: And now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like
Gwenevere Abriel: I was trying to get up the stairs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sarah right way to go up the stairs.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not funny. It's very serious. Um, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want to, I know it, you gave me an example right of open how you're still projecting, you're still having these negative thoughts, but this is very much not a direct communication. I know you didn't call him a dumb ass as he was walking up the stairs.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get into what I think is, is, is going to be helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you, let's see. Let's get behind. Maybe some direct communication that you have engaged in with your father, where you didn't project he thinks I'm an idiot. And I can't talk to this man, he's an asshole.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all. Just hypothetical. Can you picture having spoken to him directly over the last 30 days about something where you thought oh haha. That was better than I thought.
Anthony Garcia: I know I couldn't think of anything. No.
Anthony Garcia: We barely speak.
Anthony Garcia: I mean,
Anthony Garcia: There's times where I come home, I take a shower, we discuss what we're going to do for dinner. And that's the extent of our communication to each other, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want it to be any different.
Anthony Garcia: I sometimes I say, Yeah, I do. I wish, I wish that we would be able to expand time and stuff but
Anthony Garcia: With the communication thing. It's just almost like
Anthony Garcia: I'll speak to him and he didn't even understand what I'm saying. And then he'll go up into some other like topic.
Anthony Garcia: But completely out of it, and I'm like, did you even listen to what I told you, you know, he says, yeah, yeah. So I asked him, like what did I say that, and he can really answer me and and that's when he starts getting like upset because I'm questioning me
Anthony Garcia: Just like I just gotta leave the room. You know, it's like, sometimes even he'll start, start talking about still eat.
Anthony Garcia: You know, and then you could just like you can like hear him stop talking like, I don't know, I feel bad, but I don't know I just sometimes I just can't stand hearing. You know, it's like, you know, making it. I don't know, said to me, he's still back in like the
Anthony Garcia: 60s and 70s, like he never moved you never like adapted like the rest of us to the 2000s, you know, as you just saw, old school and
Anthony Garcia: The stuff that he says is so old that it doesn't. I don't know. It's hard to communicate with them, he doesn't understand what I'm saying, I don't understand what games, he said.
Anthony Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go get go get the two two objects next to the phone. I'm going to run out for 60 seconds and I'll be right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, the two tall objects. Let's see if we can do a little bit of work around this, this, this, this is going to continue to be a challenge for you until it gets worked through. I'm thinking there's a lot I history back there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got your two
Gwenevere Abriel: Objects.
Anthony Garcia: Still exactly where they were.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great. I'm so glad you left them there. Um, okay. Then I gotta run out got, I've got to be. I'll be right back. I promise. If you need to use the restroom, this would be a great time. So I'll be right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me go back to where we left off before. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we were doing before was sort of exploring some negative thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the goal of this particular kind of work. The and dr is to loosen up the long history that you have associated
Gwenevere Abriel: With that negative cognition and it might be really big like lots of stories. Lots of experiences associated with this this belief about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so a couple of things happen desensitisation happens where you can visit those thoughts, a lot easier. And then what also can happen is integrating positive ones. Okay, I'm going to look and see how far we got here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we started with.
Gwenevere Abriel: Negative cognition of
Gwenevere Abriel: I could have made better choices and the event. You never told me the event. It was
Gwenevere Abriel: I asked for a sentinel event currently was at 70 body scan noticed distressing C to D Krista 40 I think about things. I could have done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I remember. You never told me the story, but you don't have to. I could have made better choices. I could have said something I gave up and the emotion was shame you labeled yourself a coward, your body was
Gwenevere Abriel: Aware of I felt it everywhere in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I asked you to come up with what you wanted to be thinking at that time, you know, what's a positive thought you could have had during that event, things could be better if I had said or done something helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the positive belief about yourself that would have been preferred was I am persistent
Gwenevere Abriel: It is what bugs me the most. I just gave up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't give up for something in this matter, I don't normally give up. I don't know why I did. Okay. And then we went into sort of this worst case scenario, the worst piece, the worst image of this negative cognition and you said, I'm ashamed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember any of that.
Anthony Garcia: I do. You do. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we move through this and then the distress moved down to looks like.
Gwenevere Abriel: For
Gwenevere Abriel: You started thinking about your daughter and working today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you ended by saying there I am, I am. I am persistent I am persevering and it was true at about a two.
Gwenevere Abriel: Minute move to a five.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you realized
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to think more positively about myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am courageous you noticed that was a positive thought a positive cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's kind of stated a two.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's where we left off.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do a little bit more work there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'd like you to do is let me see your eyes. I want to see how close these
Anthony Garcia: These
Gwenevere Abriel: Back and forth here from those two objects. Alright.
Anthony Garcia: Well, where I was last
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, let me see you looking it does that strain the eyes right there. Does that hurt them doing them. Okay, and you want to keep your, you want to keep your, your face stationary and just, just the eyes moving horizontally like that. Okay, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so first this morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony What I want you to do is I want you to think of a safe place. I want you to think about a place that you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you've been somewhere before it was in the mountains or it was maybe Korea or somewhere that it just sort of embodies all of the qualities of safety and peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to pull that up into your imagery
Anthony Garcia: To be honest, I mean it's just my safest place right now it's like all
Gwenevere Abriel: Right where you are now. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that will be our safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are safe space.
Gwenevere Abriel: As home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you feel when you're home.
Anthony Garcia: I feel like
Anthony Garcia: I feel like I can like, I don't know, just be me be free, do what I want.
Anthony Garcia: That's what it is, you know, okay.
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'd like to do is
Gwenevere Abriel: kind of bring you back to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can bring together the I Am.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am courageous.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: That negative
Gwenevere Abriel: Negative event, did you want to tell me what the event was
Anthony Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, okay, that's fine. You don't have to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: So the key here is to
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll you remember it right, I'm gonna I'll say let's do an inhale exhale and let it go. And then just gently paying attention to what comes up what thought comes up and just kind of let my next question guide what the sharing is okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'd like you to do is I'd like you to pull up the worst picture of that event.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, in your mind,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold it in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to tell me how true is it from one to seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you are courageous.
Anthony Garcia: Seven being the highest. Yes.
Anthony Garcia: I like three
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's have
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you watch the different partners are going to look at those two objects at the speed that I kind of set. Okay, so hold the worst part of that image SORT OF PULLING BACK INTO THAT I'M PERSISTENT I'm persevering and I am courageous. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice inhale together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Men just turn the reflection to what you're noticing.
Anthony Garcia: My mind's kind of everywhere right now, I'm just, you know, I, when I think about this.
Anthony Garcia: I get sad, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's shift a little bit. I'd like to integrate. See if you you actually do have your knowing I don't have your protective and you're nurturing and you're wise figure in here. Did I do that with you guys and learning here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have that.
Anthony Garcia: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's do that then know how I missed that.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a nice feeling. So what I want you to do is I want you to picture can be real or imagined or combination of both.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture what a protective figure might be real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it, what comes up.
Anthony Garcia: My mo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so she's sort of has these qualities of protection and when you bring it up in your in your awareness. Do you have a sense of feeling safe.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah Oh safe with my mom and comfortable. So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. And now I want you to picture a nurturing figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing figure encourage yours, your growth your development. It may or may not have, you know, affection to it but nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: And fostering your growth and your development wanting the most for you and encouraging it who real or imagined or what real or imagined comes up.
Anthony Garcia: Saying say my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And then for a wise figure real or imagined has those qualities of wisdom.
Anthony Garcia: I would say maybe like my sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I'd like you to take a moment and just sort of picture them all together in the same space interacting with one another.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're there as an adult.
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice what's going on in that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: With your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of protection nurturing and wisdom.
Anthony Garcia: Talking laughing eating.
Anthony Garcia: That's pretty much what I picture.
The team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's be emotion you feel there.
Anthony Garcia: I feel
Anthony Garcia: Happy to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Installation of those those images. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold them in your in your awareness really picturing interacting and being a part of and almost surrounded by those qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: Of protection can kind of feel that nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: laughing and talking and eating and feeling happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then when you're ready, open your eyes. And we're going to do some slow iterations. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just watching
Gwenevere Abriel: held together.
Gwenevere Abriel: An exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice
Anthony Garcia: Some
Anthony Garcia: Anxious like
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice a thought pass through your mind.
Anthony Garcia: I did, I noticed that I kind of missed those days.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does that say about your belief about yourself right now. See if you can identify that. See if you can go to. Right now I am to be can identify a belief, you've got going on. I am
Anthony Garcia: Get it, I am
Gwenevere Abriel: If these are hard to get to. Don't be hard on yourself. These are hard so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm anxious I miss those days you miss them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you feel anxious. Once you tell me where you feel the anxiousness in the body will come back to the belief in a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know you're anxious
Anthony Garcia: affiliates, just like in my arms are just like moving
Anthony Garcia: You know, I feel
Anthony Garcia: Sad still, you know, I guess.
Anthony Garcia: miss those days you know hasn't happened in a long time. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Anthony Garcia: I left there seems like we don't see each other very often. I don't go over there. They don't ask me to come over there. We still do a lot of eating and stuff that don't happen no more. Last time I even see my mom and my sister with about two
Anthony Garcia: Two and a half weeks ago, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now see if you can find it. What does that say about
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. The meaning you just what you just said what meaning do you make about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then go to
Gwenevere Abriel: What I believe about myself when I think about they haven't invited me over. I miss those days, I feel sad. See if you can find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am I believe about myself. These are hard to get to just be patient with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Anthony Garcia: I am worried
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you like to be thinking about yourself.
Anthony Garcia: I would like to be think that
Anthony Garcia: I could get through anything. I don't have to. I wish I didn't have to analyze everything and and and start thinking all the negative stuff that comes up because I'm analyzing things
Anthony Garcia: I
Anthony Garcia: Want to stop making up stuff in my head because then it stops me from like really asking or dueling or going somewhere.
Anthony Garcia: Just feel like a worry about things too much. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the negative belief is I worry and is it over analyze
Anthony Garcia: over analyzing things
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want to be thinking I can get through this. What would be the opposite of over analyzing in the absence of interpreting people's behaviors. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be what would be going on. And if you weren't analyzing what what you'd be doing
Anthony Garcia: Acting you know like like action know we're doing so you know actually doing something. Is that a singular saying I'm doing in my head. No, but you know actually doing the action.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can take action.
Anthony Garcia: Take action you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know right yeah and
Anthony Garcia: I'm not talking like violent action or nothing like that. But I'm talking like
Anthony Garcia: I'm just saying something, you know, when I feel like saying something say when I feel like doing something, do it when I feel like not doing nothing. Don't do it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I can take action.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is that right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can take action. And you know what
Anthony Garcia: Maybe a one and a half, two
Anthony Garcia: There's a lot of times throughout the day where I want to say something or do something or
Anthony Garcia: You know when it's like, I don't know. Once I start thinking
Anthony Garcia: I'll think myself out of, you know,
Anthony Garcia: And then it just, it's gone. You know, and then by the end of the day, I'm like, thinking in my head. Like, damn it, I should have done that, you know, okay, yeah. I missed an opportunity
Okay.
Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do let's do a little faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the desensitization part pull up that negative image that she had earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: That worst thing that really represents you know I
Gwenevere Abriel: I wasn't courageous. Right. Right. That was the negative belief, then
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you hold this one instead. So pull up that negative image and why don't you see if you can sort of bring up the
Gwenevere Abriel: I overanalyze
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold that in there. So get that image and I overanalyze I worry hope but just pick one of those. Okay, this one's going to be a little faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's prevent together.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the next
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming what's coming up.
Anthony Garcia: I just, I noticed that I'm not as, like, I usually I get like sweaty really sweaty palms and and feeling very nervous. And I was like, that's it kind of feeling in my gut that nauseous feeling in there.
Anthony Garcia: I don't get that anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now you're not having it.
Anthony Garcia: Oh, or in the last few weeks, I guess.
Anthony Garcia: Every even thinking about this, like right now you're telling me to think about the most worst moment. And when I think about it. I get sad. You know, I get sad because I could have
Anthony Garcia: Said something done something
Anthony Garcia: Been courageous.
But
Anthony Garcia: I don't know, it just
Anthony Garcia: It's it goes away fast and it used to not, you know, used to be like linger there all day long. Think about all day long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay here.
Anthony Garcia: So now I just feel
Anthony Garcia: I don't feel bad. You know, I get sad per second. And then, I don't know, I just
Anthony Garcia: Feel. Okay. You don't have to
Anthony Garcia: That's what I'm doing right now because
Anthony Garcia: I feel like I'm feeling better. You know, I don't feel sad below I felt sad for second and now I don't watch by happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's your level of distress right now from zero to 100 let's
Anthony Garcia: Let the stress.
Anthony Garcia: I mean, I have no distress at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's put in. Now let's do a slower iteration, let's bring in this positive one, which is I get through things you find the one that's at the core for you. I get through things I take action.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's another one that's maybe even deeper than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you want to be thinking when you think of that worst image I want to be thinking about myself.
Anthony Garcia: I want to be thinking that
Anthony Garcia: I'm
Anthony Garcia: Like I
Anthony Garcia: Feel like I could
Anthony Garcia: Be who I know. Okay.
Anthony Garcia: I'll feel like myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am myself. Okay, let's go with that first image. Okay. Pull it up and then positive thought of self. I am myself in this field slower.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together. Nice. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it go
Gwenevere Abriel: See what passes through your mind what emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Physiological sensations.
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice
Anthony Garcia: I notice
Anthony Garcia: I get disappointed because
Anthony Garcia: In my head I'm thinking that
Anthony Garcia: I could have been courageous. Well, I'm thinking in my head I am courageous. I can be myself.
Anthony Garcia: Feel I am brave.
Anthony Garcia: And then I kind of get upset at myself because that's not
Anthony Garcia: How I felt at that time you feel like that now or not.
Anthony Garcia: Just doesn't feel like that's me, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel that that wasn't
Anthony Garcia: A factor or know
Gwenevere Abriel: Which which is true. Right now I am courageous. I am myself or I am
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be, what's the negative thought
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a coward. I'm
Anthony Garcia: An idiot
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm an idiot. Okay, wait, which is which is more true right now. I'm an idiot, or I am myself.
Anthony Garcia: I'm an idiot, because
Anthony Garcia: I didn't
Anthony Garcia: Act, you know, there was no action at that time it was none at all.
Anthony Garcia: Like, pretty much, let
Anthony Garcia: More my happiness, though, like that.
Anthony Garcia: I just let it go. It's nothing like it wasn't like a main method.
Anthony Garcia: And now.
Anthony Garcia: I'm sad every day. I'm pissed off every day. But I had that happiness. I was happy. I mean I had
Anthony Garcia: I when I look back at it. I can remember just
Anthony Garcia: Loving to wake up in the morning, go to work, come home. I never
Anthony Garcia: Thought during the day, like, Oh, I gotta go home and do this or
Anthony Garcia: This has got to happen or a damn kids are a, you know, I just felt great. You know, I felt needed wanted
Anthony Garcia: It was a good life, you know, and when I had a chance to fight for that life. I didn't let it go. I just
Anthony Garcia: Medical like nothing is so simple, just to give it like nothing. And that's what I'm disappointed about is because most people would have try hard.
Anthony Garcia: Done something sent something, you know, even if they felt like embarrassed, they would have still done it. That's how courageous like people are even like people that I think in my head like this dude's a pussy.
Anthony Garcia: He probably did something in his life to fight for his life for by for his happiness or truth or whatever he was looking for at but me.
Anthony Garcia: I told myself, I'm not scared of anything in this and that but I was scared to fight for my happiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's bring some of those figures in right now. Once you to just turn your attention really turn that effort into working awareness of protection in your mom nurturing and your mom. The wisdom of your sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: just imagining that presence with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which you did pull up that image chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're referring to
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you open your eyes. We're going to do a slow iteration.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to those two things the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Anthony Garcia: Let go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just quiet your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just observe
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up.
Anthony Garcia: I feel like
Anthony Garcia: I'm still proud of myself, even though I did all that I'm still proud of myself because
Anthony Garcia: I
Anthony Garcia: Chose to give away.
Anthony Garcia: My happiness.
Anthony Garcia: So someone else could be happy.
Anthony Garcia: So I, I feel like I gave something or someone. I did something for someone, I did it by the best thing that could have happened for them. I did that. But in order for me to have done that.
Anthony Garcia: I get everything that I I became everything that I'm not. And I think that's stuck with me for a lot of years now, and I just can't find my way back to that to who I used to be.
Anthony Garcia: Just feel like this is not me. I don't feel comfortable how I am now.
Anthony Garcia: I don't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with the positive cognition, I am myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with I am myself. You mentioned earlier, and that negative image, you had earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you pull those two things up right worst part of that event, the most salient part I am myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale, with me. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Gently see what awareness comes up.
Anthony Garcia: feel sick me
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you feeling it.
Anthony Garcia: Mostly Western
Gwenevere Abriel: And what font just passed by. What was the imagery there.
Anthony Garcia: They're
Anthony Garcia: Just an idiot.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm an idiot.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, cuz I
Anthony Garcia: I think I'm right about everything. And in reality. You know what I really think about it. I was full of crap you know sucks because
Anthony Garcia: I
Anthony Garcia: Believe in my crap you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, stay there. I'm full of crap that's a negative cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's look let's do something present moment. What do you want to believe about yourself, if I'm full of crap is the negative one. What do you want to believe about yourself right now.
Anthony Garcia: I want to believe I'm
Anthony Garcia: true to myself I want to be true to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I am true to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It did just now did a current trigger come up did a an image of the future come up, or was it mostly just about that past event.
Anthony Garcia: Mostly about the past event, but it also has something to do with like the future because
Gwenevere Abriel: Grab one in the future. Once we don't have a lot of time. But let's do one of those get get that worst hypothetical thing in the future, grab it like the Oh no. What if it's this
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, see it, like, oh, you use your imagination, the most salient
Gwenevere Abriel: We're sort of fear image there, and now I am true to myself how true is that right now 127
Gwenevere Abriel: The belief. I'm true to myself how true is that today, right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, okay, hold on, in there. I'm true to myself. There's that future hold it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice slow iteration.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your stress level right now.
Anthony Garcia: I would say maybe like a three.
Anthony Garcia: There's, there is a little bit of stress.
Anthony Garcia: There's a little boy was earlier. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: A three out of 100 still pretty low is, do you think it's higher because you said is that higher than a three when
Anthony Garcia: All of 100 I would say maybe like 30 then. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay 30 so how true is
Gwenevere Abriel: The belief about yourself. I am true to myself.
Anthony Garcia: Just normally
Gwenevere Abriel: It went down from from one to
Gwenevere Abriel: Say I want to go down.
Anthony Garcia: I don't think there's like a down from it. I think it's the same
Anthony Garcia: Data. Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: We're leaving today with I'm true to myself at a one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And are you able to share with that worst thing is in the future that that fret event that piece.
Anthony Garcia: Of me being alone by myself and
Anthony Garcia: With nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So if I'm, if I sit with I'm true to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: It stays at one and I'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Be alone.
Anthony Garcia: Alone.
Anthony Garcia: And said, you know, that's I think my worst fears to be alone and sad with nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's put that in a container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Anthony Garcia: The garbage can. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put it in there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I want you to do, lock it up nice and tight. And what I want you to do this week. So I really want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Spend a lot of time with your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're making a decision whether to speak your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: First immerse yourself in that presence of I have all the protection and qualities of protection and nurturing and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be very present and make sure you check and you've got a great communicating body it's right. The six stomach is this real is this true because your stomach's gonna chill. It's going to be like, Oh, I'm feeling good. Now I'm gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, now I can speak I feel good and safe. This is my truth and it's OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the work is just sit there with it, invite that imagery and no one's going to know you're doing this. Okay.
Anthony Garcia: Also like do it with the image of the people are thinking, go to my sisters and try to get them together and maybe I can talk to them or something but
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you
Gwenevere Abriel: Present with those qualities. In other words, because the tricky bit here is
Gwenevere Abriel: You have those qualities that your mother that you see in your mother, you have the ability to have this protective nature inside of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that you can see it in your mother Anthony and you see it in your sister means you have it in you let it saturate you can picture it and it is in fact you
Gwenevere Abriel: And then everything is possible. I can now and invite. Now you can take action. Well, now, if I'm sitting with this all these needs all these capabilities will maybe I will ask them out and we'll hang out this weekend, and we'll get together and cook.
Gwenevere Abriel: But first, bring the imagery in surround yourself with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then see what action you can take. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When are we meeting again when it's quiet just got here, but I want to schedule something with you.
Anthony Garcia: Our next meeting supposed to be in two weeks.
Anthony Garcia: Available Friday.
Anthony Garcia: Doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Can it be on Thursday instead at seven.
Anthony Garcia: Because somebody there already.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean, okay, so it'd be February 13
Anthony Garcia: At seven oh
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, okay. For some reason I can't do it.
Anthony Garcia: I'll let you know at least a few days ahead of time. But if you haven't heard
Anthony Garcia: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds good.
Anthony Garcia: Okay.
Anthony Garcia: Well, next.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds good. Be good to you.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this good timing right now to talk
Magan: Yeah, just really irritated right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you.
Magan: Well, my husband decided what you just said a minute ago, the door. You're supposed to take the kids to school and now he's decided as a consequence to me to keep
Gwenevere Abriel: A consequence to you.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what, what's this mean
Magan: It's just me, but I think it's a school and I was supposed to do that. Yeah. And Dr. Stuff with you today.
Magan: So I will talk to you. Still, but I won't be able to do things I'm driving will be driving
Gwenevere Abriel: And what time
Magan: We usually leave in about 510 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me just see we've got any wiggle room here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how long will that take before you're back sort of in a comfortable spot.
Magan: Maybe like 20 minutes
Magan: It doesn't take very long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see, see what we can do.
Magan: Well, do you have another appointment after
Gwenevere Abriel: I do she she everybody confirms last night, then my next opening isn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's not till much later. Let's
Magan: Look,
Gwenevere Abriel: At other stuff. That's okay. We can do the preparation. We can do all kinds of stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: How, aside from what's going
Magan: On
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, um, what's what's been your distress level recently.
Magan: What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: How have you been doing
Magan: I'm just irritated, I stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that, but I'm trying to see if this is just this morning or
Magan: What's been
Going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're frozen. I don't know if you can hear me.
Magan: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're frozen there for a while.
Magan: Oh, and did you not hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I definitely did not your foot frozen.
Magan: Oh, I'm sorry.
Magan: Okay so me. So next week, I have to go back to Arizona. Okay. Well, I have to go to Arizona starting off back. Um, and
Magan: Me and my sister and my brother in law and the baby are going to be going because my dad asked us to come and help him move to his new house that he bought
Magan: On Wednesday, my sister. I told her that my schedule change for work and I can't watch the baby on Wednesdays.
Magan: And I had to take the kids to the doctor's appointment, say I gotta work. I stayed awake. I took them to their doctors appointment and then I was headed to can you grab your book bag mechanic, grab your book bag and then I was headed to
Magan: Hold on, I'm mixing it up. I'm sorry.
Magan: Your backpack McKenna.
Magan: I'm
Magan: Okay.
Magan: So,
Magan: I was going to work.
Magan: got home from work and I was really, really tired and she texted me out of nowhere and she's like, I need help, watching the baby because
Magan: Jonathan has to go to court and I have to go to work and you know when the baby was born, she advised me that I don't mind it ever shoved in my face that you watch the baby for me and that you help me out because I have plenty of options.
Magan: I can choose anybody else to watch the kids to the baby. So you're not absolutely needed. There's plenty of help.
Magan: Doesn't feel that way at all.
Magan: And she asked me to watch baby and I watched her and I said, Can you please get her by one or two or 12 o'clock because I have to go to sleep because I have to work.
Magan: And she said yes, make sure we're there and two o'clock rolls around and still no Jonathan and it just irritated me because it felt like I gave an inch took a mile and for somebody who doesn't need me, quote unquote, she really seemed like she did.
Magan: And she was like, Well, I don't have anybody else who can watch the baby and like I thought you had all these people. And she's like, look, Jonathan family sick.
Magan: And Brittany and Joel count. Watch the baby.
Magan: So,
Magan: It was just more stress there.
Magan: And then, and then I'm stressed about God, Arizona. I'm irritated because like
Magan: Taxes are coming in and like the money's going straight to Andrews account. He didn't even ask if I wanted the money put into my account. You know, because we're claiming to have my children.
Magan: It just, just like everything is controlled by him and he mandates and dictates to me how things are going to go and like this morning.
Magan: Because because you're fighting with me. He's telling me that I'm the one that has a horrible attitude.
Magan: And I'm like, well, I come into the house and his snapping at he he doesn't say hello to me, he asked me if I went to Walmart last night because there's a charge on the debit card and they said, Yeah, I did.
Magan: And he didn't say hello not. Good morning. How's your night. Nothing. Just Did you go to Rome it last night and that I'm the one that has the attitude.
Magan: And then
Magan: At which point I just get a little frustrated and I just come, you know, I'm not going to entertain this conversation I'm done with it. Don't talk to me.
Magan: And he just keeps cussing and yelling and you can grab your iPad, you
Magan: And I'm just really I'm really, really irritated. Because when I say I'm going to do something I do it on Tuesday I picked up his kids from school.
Magan: Even though you know I didn't get any sleep. I went and picked them up. Then I went to such as McKenna, I made dinner, I get the whole shebang. I did everything that I said I would do. But that still doesn't do the shift that he says he's gonna do because my behavior is not like
Magan: That that's how it feels to me.
Magan: Yeah. Are you angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, definitely not. I'm really just just listening to all of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Other stressors that you have
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of them. And I, I'm listening also see that you know you're, you can't put your full attention on
Gwenevere Abriel: This so you're distracted and I'm just listening.
Magan: Okay. Did you understand
Magan: No, baby. It's not your fault that we're arguing
Magan: It's not your fault at all. Please don't think that this is the value because it's not
Magan: I'm sorry.
Magan: sad about you. I love you very much on your
Magan: Adult behaviors and it's adults not acting like adults were acting silly and shouldn't be arguing and fighting in front of you guys. I'm sorry I
Magan: Know it's okay. It's not okay at all and I am very sorry for my behavior.
Magan: Hello. Yeah.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can hear you see your little ones are
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to take responsibility for what's going on and they blame.
Me.
Magan: Yeah, they're all my son said to me that
Magan: He goes, I'm glad to that you've
Magan: Been yelling in telling me it's my fault that
Gwenevere Abriel: You broke up. Did you say
He's
Gwenevere Abriel: Say one more time.
He said that
Magan: I'm glad that you are taking us to school mommy and not Dan do because because Dan do would have yelled at.
Magan: Me and said that it's my fault is why you guys are fighting
Magan: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely not.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going
Gwenevere Abriel: To play
Gwenevere Abriel: And let
Gwenevere Abriel: Adults
Gwenevere Abriel: Work it out.
Definitely not. No.
Magan: It's not, it's not his fault but
Magan: They often feel like when we're fighting like it's their fault. And he goes, Mom. I'm scared. And I said, Why are you scared and he says, I'm scared that you guys are going to break up.
Magan: And
Magan: I know that both of my children love Andrew
Magan: But I do know that this isn't healthy for anybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know those
Magan: Guys just I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're there in the car with
Magan: You. Now you said
Magan: Yeah, we're I'm driving them to school right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can sort of postpone talking about
Magan: Oh, can you hear me.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we can do while
Gwenevere Abriel: We're moving and they're still in the car is
Magan: Kind of see
Gwenevere Abriel: Any improvement for you on a goal you have
Magan: About feeling
Magan: The whole. Can you hear me.
Magan: The whole point of him.
Magan: The whole point of him going back to the job at the library was to be
Magan: Four and to help out with the kids and take them to school and pick them up because of the hours that I work and then he utilizes it as a punishment against me.
Magan: And it's like, well,
Magan: The whole reason why you left the job at parking, which was lot more money was because
Magan: You. You were supposed to help out with this ship that's harder for me to do because the hours that I work
Magan: But now it's no its own Megan's behaving the way that I don't like. And he would we just said, take your own fucking kids to school like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And or your
Gwenevere Abriel: Or your kids hearing the right now.
Magan: They heard they heard they heard that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so why don't we talk about stuff that's this one, you have a goal, we can pick that up when they're on the car like feel you. What are your goals is feel comfortable in developing friendships.
Gwenevere Abriel: Deep. Have you made any inroads in that goal.
Magan: Um,
Magan: I well I did tell James. I don't know if you recall about James being overweight and he makes comments about himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I remember
Magan: When I told him you know I feel
Magan: I didn't say I feel not. What if I feel sad when you say those remarks about yourself.
Magan: Something along those lines. I don't know if those were the exact words, but I did practice.
Magan: State how I felt regarding his remarks about himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's it go
Magan: He goes
Magan: He essentially said that that's the way that he is and
Magan: She's he's always been one to to say things like that and you know it's he uses it as an icebreaker like
Magan: As like a funny joke.
Magan: You know, and it definitely doesn't feel that way it doesn't feel like an icebreaker. It doesn't feel like a funny joke. It feels like he's knocking himself.
Magan: And so i just i just i didn't push any further, but I did kind of vein.
Magan: As regards to everything else i don't i don't really talk to people. I just, I go to work I do my job and I come home and I take care of the kids and
Magan: I it's like
Magan: I like do is
Magan: Take care of everything that needs to be taken care of in business and I don't really have time to
Magan: Well, it's not that I don't have time.
Magan: If I wanted to make time I could
Magan: If it was absolutely necessary.
Gwenevere Abriel: But your goal was to feel more comfortable.
Magan: And that
Magan: You are. I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so little progress.
Magan: Yeah. So not so much progress there.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, let's see what else we got here. Um, okay, we've got, I want to decrease my anxiety. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that's different than you have real life.
Gwenevere Abriel: stressors that
Gwenevere Abriel: And that those are events that pull on your resources. Those are demands. What you do with it. How you experience it. That's anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you see these are the stressors that will continue. Everyone's got them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you aware of your job when it gets tight.
Magan: No, I'm grinding my teeth right now and it's really tight. I'm really anxious right now. I feel ashamed of myself.
Magan: But in anything right now. I feel shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that you did wrong.
Magan: I feel shame because it's all in front of my kids.
Magan: And I
Magan: It's very hard for me when he antagonizing me like that or gets under my skin or talks to my children with a raised voice or in a derogatory way that I don't like or towards me.
Magan: I become hostile like it really angry. It's that similar to 100 thing happening again. It's not the
Magan: I'm done, you know, engaging in this behavior. I'm going to walk away from the situation and it feels like I'm trapped because I need him to handle business.
Magan: You know, it feels like
Magan: How
Magan: Just because we're arguing or fighting. I still take care of the things that need to be taken care of with him in mind and I respect the things that you need, or does
Magan: Um,
Magan: And I didn't, I didn't take that deep breath. I didn't, I didn't take step back. I didn't come down. I didn't, I immediately became angry.
Magan: Because I came home and the first thing that I felt was attacked and I'm tired. I haven't gotten sleep and I just got off of an eight hour shift. And I've worked all night and he doesn't seem to care. And so, even more so, right now it seems so much easier to become angry morning, sir.
Magan: You as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm guessing in the next five minutes.
Magan: Yeah, we just went through the military.
Magan: It's just
Magan: I find it that
Magan: The exercises that we practice together.
Magan: I find it most difficult to do them with him.
Yeah.
Magan: I really really do and
Magan: I can, I can practice it more and I can be more cognitive of myself in other situations, even with people that I really don't like work or people in my day to day life, but with him. I find it extremely difficult.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're almost dropped him off. How about we do this, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Focus on your little ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to walk away from the screen you come back. Okay, and we're going to continue
Magan: Okay, thank you.
Magan: Okay.
Okay.
What's going on.
Magan: Baby boy, but I'm really sorry about this.
I really am.
Magan: I know it seems that way. But Mommy. Mommy makes mistakes too and
What
Magan: I said,
Magan: It's not, it's not healthy for you guys to be around this kind of stuff.
Magan: So healthy to start off your day like this.
Magan: I really want you guys to try to put your best foot forward today, everything is OK, I will talk to Dan do when he gets home.
Magan: It's situated. But everything's gonna be all right. McKenna, are you okay
Magan: Matter bubble
Feeling good.
Magan: One.
Magan: Well, when you get home from school today.
Magan: I need some sweet. So you really don't need to go to the nurse's office JJ. If you go for your inhaler last year running the fever or your phone beating or something. That's when you would need to come, but I just to have a head cold, everybody gets a cold call
Magan: Yeah. Now she called me yesterday because she said she outside. Yeah.
You know,
Magan: I love you. I love you more than complex because have a successful day okay my iPads, please.
Magan: Come on please mechanic, get off the iPad now.
Magan: School time. Why do you like
Magan: What is the matter with you today you have
Magan: To be every time I do something, you get mad at
Me.
Magan: Look what day. I love you very, very much.
Magan: I'm trying to
Magan: Hold on, I can't see the screen.
Magan: Can you, can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I can hear you. But the screen is frozen.
Magan: Yeah, it's because my
Magan: This is like not my morning at all. Okay.
We're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want you can sign back and if you want when you get back home.
Okay.
Magan: Can you see me now.
Magan: So Andrew said something to me last week.
Magan: That really pissed me off after I got a session with you.
Magan: And granted, he wasn't dead asleep when I was meeting with you on Friday. So he wasn't in the room or anything like that.
Magan: But he came out and at the very end when I when I said that I am enough
Magan: She came out and
Magan: She got really angry.
Magan: And he was like,
Magan: Dr brielle isn't man hater.
Magan: And she's not right about everything.
Magan: And she's just trying to get you to
Magan: Say, I don't know the exact words that he said, but it was actually that that you don't know everything and
Magan: Especially when it comes to him and I and that you hate men.
Magan: That's that's literally what he said to me, and I was like, what, what are you talking about, and he goes, you know exactly what I've talked about
Magan: And you discussing stuff with me and I was like, You know what, or about me and I was like, You know what, believe it or not, I know it might be hard for you to believe, but now that that conversation was about is actually me
Magan: And it really like it really pissed me off that he said that and it's like it's bothering him that
Magan: I
Magan: That I have. I don't, I don't know.
Magan: Did I have someone that I can depend on outside him somebody like talk to you outside of him. I don't know what's bothering him about me talking to you.
Magan: But apparently, it does.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is there anything about that that
Magan: Surprises this
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of a pad a pattern.
Magan: And
Magan: It just
Gwenevere Abriel: I happen to be in addition to your life. It
Gwenevere Abriel: Could have been someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could have been a friend.
Magan: Right, that
Magan: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Typical or is this a real departure from from its
Gwenevere Abriel: Character behavior.
Magan: This is typical. But I think you know it was escalated because
Magan: I think
Magan: You know, like my dad and my mom or my dad, my sister and my dad.
Magan: Said to me like cuz I'll always say like, Oh, he's trying harder doing more. He's been trying war.
Magan: When when they'll make a comment about him and how he is towards me and my kids.
Magan: And my dad told me he's like he's always trying
Magan: That's all he's been doing for 10 years just trying more
Magan: I think that he feels very threatened.
Magan: By Mike
Magan: And I don't know what hurt from our appointment, because I don't think he heard anything. The only part that he came out and may have heard. Well, I'm pretty sure you did here was when I said I am enough
Magan: That was it. But
Magan: It was like he thought that was directed at him. I don't know.
Magan: Like, how could I don't understand why he all of a sudden
Magan: After my appointment ends with say that blend a today.
Magan: And like that you have a problem with nails.
Magan: And I'm like what a second hughley met her one time. And he's like, that's right. She doesn't even know. But she definitely has formed an opinion of me and
Magan: Follow the law. And I'm like, What the fuck are you talking about like nobody I hadn't conveyed anything to him saying when says this, he says that
Magan: I just don't understand why he would be bothered.
Magan: By us meeting.
Magan: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're saying you don't know. But then I hear you talking about how you do know.
Magan: I do and I don't, because I don't understand where that came from. Out of nowhere like it literally came out of nowhere.
Magan: And then I do because it's Andrew and Andrews arrogant and Andrew likes things to be about him and anything that's not is a threat and
Magan: My giving anybody attention, including myself, is a threat to him, right. That's exactly what I took from that. It's like
Magan: You're not even here for him or for us. You're here for me.
Magan: And I attended that appointment for myself, not for him, not for us for me.
Magan: Anybody who has
Magan: I'm not plugging in.
Magan: Okay, I'm sorry. Sorry. Plugging in
Gwenevere Abriel: It gave me a time to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much reading. Have you done i mean the the Internet offers lots of
Gwenevere Abriel: kind of handy information around
Gwenevere Abriel: Narcissism
Gwenevere Abriel: The label is correct or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: If the the strategies might be
Gwenevere Abriel: Helpful for you to stop sending all that energy trying to wonder why he's doing what he's doing.
Magan: Well, I always prayed.
Magan: I do try this one statement that you told me
Magan: This is not about me, it's about him. Yeah, it's so hard to think that when I when he's attacked
Magan: Me.
Magan: Or my kids.
Magan: Like Jared left to Gatorade on the sinks is on the counter this morning and how he spoke to Jared piss me the fuck off. Jerry, are you gonna. Are you finished with this Gatorade. Are you gonna do something with it.
Magan: And I turned it over. I said, Stop talking to my child like that.
Magan: Like the only stuff out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your statement to him your demand right stop talking to my child like that. Are you hoping that he will change that Andrew will change.
Magan: I think a part of me is
Gwenevere Abriel: And how much evidence has there been that he will change based on your demands and pointing out his areas that he needs to improve
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been with him for a few years, right, what evidence you have that your demands and polite requests heartfelt requests either style have gotten him to change in a meaningful way.
Magan: To us to say that got me thinking yesterday with my dad. It's like
Magan: I do see his effort.
Magan: For example,
Magan: Him trying to have a better relationship with earth and McKenna.
Magan: Taking the time to listen to them being more patient with McKenna's needs because she has ADHD and it's a little bit different for her.
Magan: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, the Gatorade is not an example of patients, but you have an example of patience.
Magan: I do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Magan: So it's, that's the thing that I get stuck with because I do see his effort and it's not consistently the same and it's not as bad as it used to be. And I do see the heat try
Magan: But it's
Magan: It's
Magan: Those old behavior. So come back up and same me local papers, come back up for me as well.
Magan: And
Magan: I don't yell at his children. I don't particularly like his children. Sometimes I really don't. I don't like the he parents more than anything.
Magan: But I have to accept it.
Magan: When he's asked me to modify things especially behaviors. I've had to do. So he's literally put our marriage on the line for literally
Magan: And I've never done that to him.
Magan: But
Magan: More and more lately.
Magan: Like an adult like right now. This is the first fight that we've had in weeks.
Magan: Like several weeks. And that's big for us. We don't fight as much as we used to. Mainly because I'm not around. Also, because I just don't fucking care, I don't want to give him my energy. I don't want to give him my good energy or my bad and I don't want to give him anything
Magan: And I
Magan: I wanted to say so badly.
Magan: I want
Magan: I want to break. I think I want a break from you. I don't know if this is what I want anymore.
Magan: And I'm scared to lose my home. I'm scared to lose my comfortability I'm scared to lose my lifestyle. I'm scared to start all over again.
Magan: And scared because I'm 33, you know, two years old and I'm getting older and who's going to want me and I'm scared because I have two children, and two mouths. I have to feed that depend on me and I'm scared because
Magan: I feel very alone.
Magan: Even in our marriage.
Magan: And I just don't know if he's what I want anymore if I if I want this anymore. I'm
Magan: I don't want
Magan: I'm obviously not happy.
Magan: And I don't, I don't know how to make him. See how serious I am about my needs in our marriage.
Magan: Yeah, and
Magan: I have listened to his needs. I've met a lot of his needs. Not all of them.
Magan: I've at least put effort in trying to meet the majority of them have met some of them, but not all of them.
Magan: But I just want I wanted so badly just say I need a break. I need a break from you. I need space from you.
Yeah.
Magan: I just don't. I don't.
Magan: I don't know what I'm like without him.
Magan: I don't
Magan: I don't know. I'm like, without
Magan: Every single
Magan: Course, Megan like just as Megan.
Magan: But
Magan: This morning, it's just me accepting it.
Magan: As it is dealing with it as it is. As usual,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you don't have to make a decision about
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether there's a separation or not a separation or whether you want to be with him or not right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't. You don't have to make that decision right now.
Magan: breaks my heart when oil told me that he scared.
Magan: Because he does a mommy and daddy breakup.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the fear, what's your, what's your fear.
Magan: Damage them more than I'm Marty damaging them now, either by staying with him or by separating from him and more except
Magan: That I don't know.
Magan: What's the good outcome. And that's the bad outcome. I don't know any outcome.
Magan: I'm afraid that I'm going to remove somebody that they love from their lives, somebody that they care about somebody that they know
Magan: They're just kind of stuck along for the ride because of my choices.
Magan: And I'm afraid that I'm making.
Magan: Horrible ones that are going to
Magan: Do destroy them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're saying that I was by breaking up right now. You're fantasizing about the breakout being the destructive event.
Magan: No. Not even just the breakup even saying together that Aikido that none of this is healthy. None of it is
Magan: It's my healthy
Magan: And I'm frustrated
Magan: I want to be heard. And I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: And I gotcha. I sure do. Your eyes are opening Megan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yours, you know instantly. You know, you remember I said it's it's going to come down to your actually you're going to like something you're not going to like it with your eyes opening your preference for whether you want to be around this or not.
It will come
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't have to have it all figured out right now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going to be fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are just fine. And you had horrific things happen and you're fine. Okay, you have your love. They have your very honest way of speaking to them so they don't go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did not have what you are giving those children yet to speak their truth and you validate them. You don't say. Shut up. You're making that up. Knock it off. You make sure they're not going crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and they can be done, they get to go play because you basically said this is this is for us to work out. This is grown up stuff. You just go play and do your thing. You don't have to worry about. Everything's gonna be fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will always love you no matter what we get all riled up has to do with you and but the key is
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the crazy part
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that you're in tune with them. And you're saying what you said. Like, just because I can hear a little bits in the car, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's important, which you're doing focus on that you you're going to all these worries about the damage that you're doing to them, but you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're on this journey of growth and you're doing better each
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that
Magan: Night. I do see a lot of changing
Magan: I do. And I think that's also part of this with him.
Magan: Like that comment last week.
Magan: I think he sees my meeting with you in the growth that I'm making as a threat.
Gwenevere Abriel: That just
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that ok though that
Gwenevere Abriel: That your impression
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't check it out, meaning he won't give you
Gwenevere Abriel: The accurate information, but your assessment of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a reasonable one and move on. You assessed it as probably that's what it was. Because for someone to attack they feel threatened. So that's it. That's probably correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your reality.
Magan: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have anybody saying you're not crazy right you don't have anybody saying what you're seeing is real. This is real, have you
Gwenevere Abriel: You rehearsing
Gwenevere Abriel: The skill of paying attention to your gut paying attention to your intuition is this, is this okay, is this acceptable. Is this real you're getting practiced at it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at some point you'll either
Gwenevere Abriel: Find a way to
Gwenevere Abriel: Some happiness and maybe it'll be a settling in.
Gwenevere Abriel: There may be
Gwenevere Abriel: Leaving i don't know but you don't have to figure it all right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I tell you if it turns out that
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're interacting with is is is some sort of that sort of quintessential on narcissism race. That's what it turns out it is
Gwenevere Abriel: What you did the other day when you just said, I just don't want to give them any energy
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a great strategy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because he needs you having a big reaction, he needs it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you don't give it to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's got some choices to make.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can escalate it
Gwenevere Abriel: He can give up and turn towards someone else to be an energy vampire. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what do you want to do. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to keep playing the game of trying to get him to explain himself as if underneath it. There is beneficence that really at the heart of that he's doing it because he
Gwenevere Abriel: really loves you and all those behaviors. The yelling and you know that it was really because he loves you. Like if you keep asking like maybe at the bottom of all this, it was loving kindness.
Magan: You know,
Magan: I know that a lot of his behaviors are not loving kindness very manipulative. He's very controlling
Magan: He wants. Even the way that we interact with each other. He has to control that.
Magan: His behaviors are so repetitive so predictable.
Magan: Nice.
Magan: I just
Magan: But you sit there and
Gwenevere Abriel: You still let yourself get surprised. And that's the part you could make a difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how to predict what's going to happen. I think you know a lot more than you're you're acknowledging they are predictable. People are predictable once they get into a groove. If it's I just need to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Megan have strong emotion. I need to know that I can get her to have a strong emotion that if you really get that and you no longer offer it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can either come in and be my hero and Russian and I, gosh, and I'm just so grateful. Note that Nope. Not that one. Not how, how could you not the rage.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of it forever is just, oh boy. I really thought we had it figured out. I thought you were picking him up this a shrink and you being it for me. Alright, guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go.
Gwenevere Abriel: raging and just the just the insult. How could you, you still act surprised. Now, you know, something like this was gonna happen. I do believe you know
Magan: No, I did because you're right, because as we were fighting. I was waiting for it because I knew it was going to come. I knew it was. And you're absolutely right.
Magan: It's gonna find something, something that he knows that will severely inconvenience me and make my life harder, they will have a reaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: you rewatch this is hard to swallow. But when you do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dang it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you really get that that's exactly a win for him. It means to just fueled exactly his need, oh, I have this much impact on this woman. If you really got that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then if you knew your power was just this what on the internet. They're calling, like, you know, it's this trendy little Gray Rock expression you just like this. You're like, I'm nothing. You're like a but you're just nothing
Magan: So no
Gwenevere Abriel: Other calling a great rock. I'm like, I like it. I'm going to use that. Now, I like it but picture. There's nothing special about a great rock you pass by it all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're like, I was like, what, either. Maybe I cast one. I don't even know. Maybe there were a few of them. But there's nothing special. So you you just are just this, you're just
Gwenevere Abriel: I had, I was remembering that that today you you would be taking the kids in
Gwenevere Abriel: inconvenient. Okay. Alright guys, let's, let's see. So data you need to get this and you need to get that
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: He is going to be. Wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just leveraged
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that usually gets her so upset.
Magan: You're going to feel calm.
Magan: And what's your access what I'm thinking.
Gwenevere Abriel: So these are the things that
Gwenevere Abriel: If you decide to go that route. And it's not too different than what you were doing earlier because I heard it, you're like, I'm just, I'm not home and it's just disappearing. You're just basically you don't engage. If you decide to go that route.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's things like this. You might want to write these down. I don't know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Please.
Magan: Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maintain realistic expectation
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That's number one. Number two.
Magan: Radical. Wait, hold on the main to
Stick.
Magan: Can you give me an example.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I can. I'm just worried that my next client will come in and we'll kind of want to give you this list just in
Magan: Case. Okay, go ahead, go ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number to radical acceptance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, don't engage
Magan: Is that the same one.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's number three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And don't forget, don't defend and explain
Gwenevere Abriel: Obviously continue setting boundaries. Continue setting boundaries. What you want what you like, what, what you prefer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number six. Kind of have in your mind, a list of really benign neutral topics that you can talk about. In other words, you're going to set the tone of
Gwenevere Abriel: So he does that, let's say, let's say you knew already knew.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, my next clients here, but it's be something like, oh yeah. Hey, Andrew just run through the basics of my schedules, the same as last week, I'm probably going to spend this weekend. I'll do some review of this and this and then I'm going to go shopping. I'm is that, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Magan: Any children see. So there's no
Magan: Number six is a list of new journal write
Gwenevere Abriel: A list of neutral topics that you already have on your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are what you talk about talks about intensely
Gwenevere Abriel: Emotionally provoking topics that try and manipulate you just focus on the things you want to talk about the ones that are neutral.
Magan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the deletion. Yeah, the big piece. The biggest one. When I said maintain realistic expectations.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how don't yell at my kids right
Gwenevere Abriel: You were hoping for. It's not real. It's not you were hoping for a change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be realistic.
Gwenevere Abriel: each moment it's running to that list in your mind, am I being realistic or is this one of those moments after really accept this is how he is. Hey, guys. Um, and, you know, address him just to address your son I guys let's let's go play
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep keep hammering away trying to expect.
Gwenevere Abriel: This change.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, when are we meeting again.
Next Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got you written in there and that's what we'll do.
Magan: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry about today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Play with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: With this list. See, see if it gives you some some ideas about how to hold on to your, your strength when you're around someone trying to trying to hurt. Just remember any reaction, whether it's really happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And grateful.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same outcome.
Magan: Okay, so it's still a reaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. Great. Rock.
Magan: Okay, alright. Have a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: You too. Bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gluten Morgan.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just waking up.
Nicole Roybal: Showered
Nicole Roybal: You did, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, and you. What are you eating there for breakfast. What do you mean
Nicole Roybal: Honestly,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm happy Friday.
Nicole Roybal: And not the best thing, but something in my stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, right. So where are we out on the roller coaster of relationship.
Nicole Roybal: I'm not talking to him. He's doing for me to give them the key to our apartment, but I've been kind of holding it. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why trying to wouldn't mind doing that for
Nicole Roybal: I'm on the list and I deserve to have that key. So, but the thing is I'm not paying rent or nothing. So then I guess it's basically is so I can, but it will have been court. And I think you were taken to court, but
Nicole Roybal: I just want to give it back to him. I know that like finalizes
Nicole Roybal: Our relationship like that means it's over, for sure. I think that's why I don't want
Nicole Roybal: To talk
Nicole Roybal: Yeah. Also my grandma's really sick. How I told you about her. I told you about her prolapse rectum. Right.
Nicole Roybal: So I guess it's getting worse and we took her to the last like two weeks ago and she hadn't showered or base sense to the doctor and so with all that stuff happening in her, but it's like bleeding and stuff. It's like clotting of sound good. She can infection.
Nicole Roybal: So we've been going over that we've been trying to go there. As much as we can, but my mom doesn't really ever out the car she if she's not at work. My dad's at work. So they only have one car so
Nicole Roybal: We're going there today. And the main thing is I shouldn't have food to eat all week because she can't even stand up so late start shaking all crazy so Shane's done but
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no way you could stay with with your grandma.
Nicole Roybal: Well just she has a nice smoke cigarettes and I felt like she wouldn't be okay with it. Like I feel like she'd be really mad at him and I don't want to tell her that
Nicole Roybal: Was the only reason why I don't say that just because of how I smoke cigarettes and need oh they hate me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And since the last card.
Nicole Roybal: They weed on and then he was like, there's a smoking period. So that's like the main thing that's like holding me back from staying there but
Nicole Roybal: I know if I tell them I even asked my older sister. She's like the closest with them my oldest sister, and she's like, No, don't tell them that like they might even like this on me. I was like,
Nicole Roybal: But they are very like strict like
Nicole Roybal: Have like their beliefs and what they believe in. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Your maternal grandmother. This is your mom's mom.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, my mom's adopted, but yeah.
Nicole Roybal: But she's still my grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, yeah, no, of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is asking what rich side.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, no. Just, um, it's funny, though, because how about homes adopted, but I am so much like my grandma's I'm funny.
Nicole Roybal: But, um, but, yeah, so everyone that's what I'm doing all day today like distract you from stuff and just have been kind of like really depressed, honestly.
Nicole Roybal: It's kind of staying in bed watching TV.
Nicole Roybal: watching other people's relationships fail.
Nicole Roybal: I guess reality shows
Gwenevere Abriel: So you still want you still want this relationship with your boyfriend.
Nicole Roybal: I feel like I don't know like this. I think of all the cons and also he wouldn't allow me to do it.
Nicole Roybal: At all, was that I would like for my leg. I would like to be building out my friends and just the way I want and stuff like that and certain other little things of how he's always like negative towards me.
Nicole Roybal: And I want someone better. That doesn't seem like that that wants to be with me or accept CDs. But then there's also the part that part of me that
Nicole Roybal: They loved him and I miss him. And it's been five years, you know, like I can't just forget that. And it feels like he can't like, it's so easy for him.
Nicole Roybal: And honestly, it's really killing me like I just don't
Nicole Roybal: I don't like being thing away from him is my best friend even believe means still my best friend. He's been my only friend for five years. So it's just, it's hard to
Gwenevere Abriel: See miss the friendship and
Nicole Roybal: companionship and just having someone that's there.
Nicole Roybal: Now love my family, but that's different.
Nicole Roybal: At least I have somebody is no bloody bush just
Nicole Roybal: It's hard. I'm so tired of being sad.
Nicole Roybal: And always fighting everything inside of me everything inside me tells me go to the store and dream and get some shots but I can't because I don't want to do that. I don't want to go back with
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, the reality. Nicole is that
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're struggling with right now. We'll be right where you left it right after you get sober and the alcohol wears off your only choices to keep
Nicole Roybal: My I know
Nicole Roybal: Oh, like alcohol my system feels like of course that's gone. But it's just like I feel like the person in my mind like it's tiny to drink, just walk away and say show me not to. So I just lay in bed and just to have anyone to go class lately. Just because I don't want money.
Nicole Roybal: Because I'm just, I feel like I'm very vulnerable. Right. I'm not going to go and fix to that and bug you because I know you're so busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it feels like the the that
Gwenevere Abriel: Addict inside is really dominant
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: The voice of addiction telling you to
Nicole Roybal: Go, it is what I'm sorry cut out
Gwenevere Abriel: Is dominant so that for. Yeah. Yeah. It's very dominant and you're feeling like you don't want to do anything. And you're just kind of hanging out in bed.
Okay.
Nicole Roybal: So silly everyone and everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's spend a little bit of time kind of keep working on the preparation phase here okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you I was asking you, I think last week to
Gwenevere Abriel: Develop in your mind and protective here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're having a hard time coming up with someone and you were able to identify some quality about me. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. And
Nicole Roybal: It's been hard to get to that place just because of all the other thoughts in my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's let's turn our attention away from kind of where it's been this last week and turn it towards these other more positive images. What about a nurturing figure, are you able to come up with someone either real or imagined that embodies
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone that wants
Gwenevere Abriel: And promotes your personal growth and development. Is there anyone that you think of
Nicole Roybal: Like I feel like my mom does. But then there's also the other side. I don't think negative Nikki, but it's just, I don't know, like there's also the other side of her that when she shouldn't be like different
Nicole Roybal: You know, just once you sober. He asked you to it supports what she's doing. She still supports me, but it's just different.
Nicole Roybal: Because I feel like it's not coming from her, like you said, it's coming from the other person.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we'll put because it'd be nice to have this imagery that's very pure and it's not mixed and conflicted. So maybe something about Mom That's also a quality and someone else that you can think of real or imagined can be in a book TV show.
Nicole Roybal: Someone that I can trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said, well, nurturing figure is someone that promotes your growth and development.
Nicole Roybal: Not I can think of. Honestly, like it's really hard on the lights are coming to think of someone like
Nicole Roybal: Even like you said like, even in a TV show, like, I don't know. That makes me go blank. Even I don't think that I'm
Nicole Roybal: I guess my, my best friend. Tiffany has always been there but that's someone that I actually ever widening out with recently but
Nicole Roybal: I just haven't, I guess, cuz I don't know I don't know I
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean, either.
Nicole Roybal: But that there's a reason there's a reason. I just don't know what it is, honestly.
Gwenevere Abriel: My best friend, Tiffany. Maybe we can figure that out a little later. But let's keep building these figures. So what so picture being around Tiffany right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What might she say or do, or that quality of encouragement to be your best self to develop and grow. What does she do or say
Nicole Roybal: She say
Nicole Roybal: I'm a strong woman and I'm better than this. And I can get through this and it just takes time that she knows me
Nicole Roybal: She knows that I can. I'm stronger than this person when bringing me down and maybe it's better
Nicole Roybal: Because now I finally
Gwenevere Abriel: Tiffany's able to see your strengths, you can say you're strong woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you
Nicole Roybal: Joyce Elsa. We've known each other since fourth grade. So she really
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honey here. Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Yeah.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: You can make sure like she's working. He has a big families. I think that might be why I like to go around because
Nicole Roybal: I'm only one that really likes kids only for like an hour and then I'm just like, Oh, you guys, again, it's just for them. And then also just seeing what her and her family all happy in their house just
Nicole Roybal: Feel like everyone has me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's lift off of that. That's right. That's going to bring up that
Gwenevere Abriel: Business and
Nicole Roybal: Sorry, I think I just figured out why. I don't want to go over there. I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's the kids and seeing, seeing that perfect little life. And boy, I don't have it right now.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: You should people that are listening for five years already at least proposed to
Nicole Roybal: At least everyone in my life, everyone all my friends from my school
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's find another figure. Now we're going to go over to someone that is wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yellow or imagined.
Wise.
Nicole Roybal: I really don't know.
Nicole Roybal: How would you describe wise like they're just like their wisdom, their older, they are not even older they decide know about life, like, what, how would you explain how
Gwenevere Abriel: That works sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: You can picture someone who
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe if you saw it or read it. This person has a lot of lived experience they're knowledgeable and they're confident in the information that they have. And maybe they can share it with other people.
Gwenevere Abriel: They know what to do. They know how to do it, they've got a history of doing it, they can maybe teach it. They're wise.
Nicole Roybal: That's honestly I don't
Nicole Roybal: Know it's hard to think of people in my life, or my
Gwenevere Abriel: For you're pushing hard on unreal. You know, you can go imagined.
Nicole Roybal: You can go fictitious that on its own finding that a lot harder to do than having someone in my life and
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Some movies that maybe you've seen
Nicole Roybal: You can do anyone that would have had a smart person aren't any comedies or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, sometimes there's
Nicole Roybal: Oh, I'm thinking like Avengers, for some reason really wise and that was like Tony Stark.
Nicole Roybal: He's an asshole. But he knows what he's talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So Tony Stark. The Iron Man.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's funny.
Nicole Roybal: Person but share
Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Kim is a human as well like real life is like probably like wise done a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: But he's real smart.
Nicole Roybal: Or how he from America's Got Talent on to
Nicole Roybal: Do it for me to but holes, but there's, there was
Gwenevere Abriel: Like how he how he mendell
Nicole Roybal: Many men gal. Yes, I think it was last name.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's this sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Edge to him there. It's either comedy or they've got this or sort of sarcasm.
Gwenevere Abriel: In your wife's figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Nicole Roybal: Weird
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, well let's see this how this goes. Take a minute and let's let's bring them all together in your mind. Let's see how this how this interaction might occur.
Gwenevere Abriel: tune out the different sounds going on. Maybe you'll notice the sound. It'll come and go, or the cattle swing by or
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to picture in your mind's eye, if you can, with your eyes closed, just see if you can. And I'm going to do the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can, you can picture this quality of Glenn.
Nicole Roybal: Right sort of protecting
Gwenevere Abriel: bringing you into the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Makes the room safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Us the ability to protect you and make a space safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: When does
Gwenevere Abriel: make that happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just that core quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then as you have a clear sense of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring in
Gwenevere Abriel: The nurturing quality of Tiffany
Gwenevere Abriel: This woman that really knows your strength can see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you have forgotten.
Gwenevere Abriel: Continues
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And confidence to get through whatever comes your way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe picturing Gwen and Tiffany maybe having some interaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're ready, bringing in the wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, you'll hear sounds around you just you pay attention and then let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So pulling in that was figure quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of being really smart, right. How are your
Gwenevere Abriel: Tony
Gwenevere Abriel: picturing them all interacting and you're there as an adult.
Gwenevere Abriel: What might they be doing this year they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Interacting with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up.
Nicole Roybal: Look, baby. Tell me that.
Nicole Roybal: To suck it up and that this is what the wise one will be saying, suck it up, people are going to ours and
Nicole Roybal: You're gonna get through this. It's not like you're dying god doesn't give you nothing. You can go
Nicole Roybal: To be saying something more nicer like more in a nicer way. It's the same thing, just
Nicole Roybal: That strong enough. And this is just
Nicole Roybal: Another hill of getting over
Nicole Roybal: For that fall over. And now I'm down. And the only way to goes up now. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: She's here for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're strong enough and she's also there for you.
Nicole Roybal: It's weird, our relationship like we won't hang out for like a year, but then really see each other. It's like no time has passed so crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your quality of
Gwenevere Abriel: Sci Fi in this space. What did you notice around the protective figure
Nicole Roybal: I okay so when you first like when you first let me close my eyes to get back to me and and nurturing that made me like almost cry. But then I started doing like the breathing.
Nicole Roybal: And and then you said you've brought the wise people in and then that's when I felt more like stronger.
Nicole Roybal: My I stopped needing to cry. And I just like stopped feeling sorry for myself. And just finally accepted, I have to get my stuff together. I mean, my life is what I make it. I have to just figure it out and do it. Gotta do
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This last piece, I can see
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't hear anything about the protective figure
Nicole Roybal: What
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that change. Oh.
Is it changing
Nicole Roybal: Like yeah like I felt more I guess like confident, which is more like I feel like protective in a way because I'm being more protective of myself and actually caring about myself, instead of
Nicole Roybal: Worrying about what everyone else is thinking, feeling doing like I gotta stop doing that because when I do, I noticed I'm just caring about everyone else's and myself. And we're like, putting others needs before
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it, is it possible, it
Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Possible that the protective figure is really, you are an adult. Is that what I may
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know if you need me to repeat that.
Because
Gwenevere Abriel: You want me to repeat that.
Um,
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I guess, maybe. But then I get the same time, I like it came from just having
Nicole Roybal: Support itself to like all of us just like protecting me or the caring about me. I just
Nicole Roybal: A barrier people that actually truly care about
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wanted to make a make sure when you actually visualized
Gwenevere Abriel: Me like whether I was there. Just wondering
Nicole Roybal: Because you said you and Tiffany And then as it kept going to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. It was just them three and me okay here. Yeah, I don't know, I, for some reason, so maybe. So again, I'm hearing bits and pieces. So I want to make sure. So it started maybe with with Gwen and then maybe it became you
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it's Tiffany And then these is that possible.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, cuz I wasn't there. It was you. And Tiffany
And when
Keep going. Tell me.
Nicole Roybal: I want to make sure you're getting it and then you brought the wise people in that it was Tony and how he and then and then you weren't there. And then I was Sir
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's let's let's spend a little bit of time with really go go there again and see see you as this as this woman with the quality
Gwenevere Abriel: Of being able to bring in
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing people bringing in wise people into your space, bringing them into your life and surrounding and see what you have as a skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same as me. What do you and I have we both have this quality when we both have
Our
Nicole Roybal: Quality of caring
Gwenevere Abriel: We both care about you. Don't wait.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you don't need it outside in me. You can bring it yourself. You can care about you. And guess what, it becomes
Gwenevere Abriel: Confident and then it becomes safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Caring is really important. You've got to care about yourself and then safety. Why then, there it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's confidence and safety and caring about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can protect yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to do a little bit of work. I'd like to bring in
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit of this installing of the of the FDR part. Let me just see if you have because I'm assuming you're on your phone right now. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, do you happen to have to kind of tall objects about a foot and a half apart next year. Yep. Uh huh.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Your phone about, I would say maybe shoulder width apart, kind of put them next to your phone about shoulder a foot and a half, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now let me see your those those water bottles are not like this. They're like this, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: About a foot and a half apart.
Nicole Roybal: Yes.
Nicole Roybal: I understand. Yes. Soon, let me
Gwenevere Abriel: close this up. I just want to take a look at your eyes for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, here we go. So I'm gonna, I'm going to point to the different corners and you're going to look at the top of those objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm just looking for whether your eyes are straining. This would be straining where you have you know how you look all the way left and it pulls muscles. That's too far, all in looking for
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a nice back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you're getting a horizontal movement.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're in those objects are in front of you so that you're in the middle, right. You're dead right in front of them. Is that right,
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, because I
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, cuz I can see that one water bottle.
Nicole Roybal: I know it's trying to frickin it says my I haven't also have like on a pillow inside of like my makeup bag and like whole setup.
Nicole Roybal: I'm trying to get the phone down upon these pillars.
Nicole Roybal: I think I got
Gwenevere Abriel: Goal is
Gwenevere Abriel: For for the eyes to be moving left and right. So what I don't want is what the eye stays center and then only goes left. I don't want center love centered left. What I want is all the way I want. Right, left, right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so let me, let me just see you looking left and right. So just kind of follow the direction of I'm pointing out
Gwenevere Abriel: You can kind of see my hands out of the corner of your eye, you don't have to actually look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, scoot back just a little bit.
Nicole Roybal: Just a couple days on details to it wasn't sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see if you're sitting there. So now let me just kind of look at the different corners. Yeah. You don't need to look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they the same level.
Nicole Roybal: Some such iconic over and tell you this. I'm just not understand it because it's too full.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's not a desk, you don't have a chair to stick that thing on or something.
Nicole Roybal: No, not randomly. Okay. Okay, I got it, I got it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so now let's see. Let's see if you're looking left and right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, I think that can work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm going to be doing today is I'm going to be asking you to pull up a memory. It'll be pulling up one that's kind of unpleasant and part of this is is
Gwenevere Abriel: There's different different things will be doing. One of them is desensitisation around a negative belief about yourself. Another one is installing some positive beliefs about yourself and some positive imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: In general,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you spend more time thinking about the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Negative events or are you kind of as you're worried about the future.
Nicole Roybal: The future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be all alone. Is that the one
Nicole Roybal: I'm just cuz I'm not really at a good place in my life. Right. We're working. I don't know where I want to work with. I wanted my life. And so I always guess. Okay, no idea where I wanted to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, all right, I think we're getting somewhere. So it's a lot about the future.
Nicole Roybal: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe the President, let me just check one more time.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I guess. Well, they're both. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, what tends to trigger the thought, Oh my gosh, I, I realized, again, I don't know what I want to do. Where am I going to go, what do I like what do I want to do, is there something that happens that triggers that
Nicole Roybal: No, not really. Just
Nicole Roybal: Maybe being here. My parents might trigger that is like being back here parents house. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, so
Nicole Roybal: I haven't been to it so early. I'm very much, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Earlier you getting old early, are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on. I gotta see was talking
Nicole Roybal: I'm sorry. I'm sorry I keep interrupting you.
Nicole Roybal: Sorry.
Nicole Roybal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mentioned once that staying at mom's house, resulting in a level of distress. At about 65 like from zero being like, I'm fine. I'm gonna relax. But everything's okay and 100 is the worst thing that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever happened okay but 65 like it brings up a distress of 65. Is that still feeling true right now.
Nicole Roybal: It's not as bad. Honestly, like it.
Nicole Roybal: In the past, and I've had to stay here. It was a lot worse. But I started by on purpose. I think I never realized side. So recently I started right on purpose. That way they kicked me out that Daniel would have to cook.
Nicole Roybal: Them. So I'm not doing that. This time, obviously. And so that actually incident, very few leads and I honestly
Nicole Roybal: My little brother always fight and then like my my jag on Friday morning with a shower and, like, just like little things like that. So, like, that's where the stress comes from is just like it's their house and I'm kinda like I'm innovating don't belong here.
Gwenevere Abriel: From zero to 100 how to
Nicole Roybal: Struggle. I feel like it's not as bad as it was, but still like it 660 55 okay still up there. It's just, I'm sorry, I don't know why I have to tell a little story about it. It's just, okay, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: 65 I don't belong here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what are the thoughts that are the most distressing to get triggered pretty recently, but really get you quite upset. What are the thoughts.
Nicole Roybal: Well, Daniel, of course, pretty much anything that's him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's a subject.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, okay.
Nicole Roybal: Um,
Nicole Roybal: I guess being alone being without him. I'm having a fight and someone else when everyone out there. My age as kids are on drugs or
Nicole Roybal: Dating. Again, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold that right. Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not the negative thought I'm alone.
Nicole Roybal: Being alone. I'm not alone, but just being alone, like, because I have people around me, but I just, I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel alone. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how does stressed. Are you right now as you feel that I feel alone people around me, but I feel alone.
Nicole Roybal: Let
Nicole Roybal: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Add okay
Gwenevere Abriel: 75 guys. Okay. Yep, I'll change it 75 goddess.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel alone to over exaggerate. So that's I'm saying, I'm not sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, you're fine. Just tell me. It can always change feelings change.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's intense right now and you're you're crying a little bit right you're feeling it. And what's the emotion, you're feeling
Nicole Roybal: We honestly four weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's a statement that's like a judgment about yourself. So why don't you
Since you went there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the emotion to sad. But let's go back to this this thing. You just did finish the sentence, I am
Nicole Roybal: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Is I am better than this. A positive thought or a negative thought
Nicole Roybal: Like, it's a little bit of both. Honestly,
Nicole Roybal: It's just like, it's like I'm better than this, then it's because I'm thinking, bam solo
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you tell me about week to tell me what what belief you have about yourself without word. I think there might be something there.
Nicole Roybal: Is because
Nicole Roybal: I feel like I'm weak because I should be in a better place in my life. At this point, I'm already going to be my 30s and I just
Nicole Roybal: I am nowhere anywhere close to being where I should be I should be
Nicole Roybal: Already with a good job and figured out what I want to do with my life and I have no idea. And that really, really, really gets me. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We got it then. And it's a very current event.
Gwenevere Abriel: Its current assessment and judgment is something I think it's very present
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: My dad taught me all day every game to get a job. You need to figure out, you're doing, you need to get a job. He's always like pushing it into it freakin brain.
That's what
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what it used to do.
Nicole Roybal: So my dad does now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it. Okay, you should get a job.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, it's like fishing in mind and like I know I do. But like I could tell you I'm not in the right state of mind. Yeah, my therapist Celtic I like you like slowly work into that. Like it doesn't matter. You need to get a job and get mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold. Stay right there. Stay right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can find
Gwenevere Abriel: Find the space of
Gwenevere Abriel: I should be in a better place.
Gwenevere Abriel: I should be
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'm assuming, with a good and a good relationship, whatever those shifts are you have a whole list of shins.
Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the predominant belief about yourself is what I am.
Nicole Roybal: Well,
Nicole Roybal: I had said better than this, but
Nicole Roybal: I feel like I'm just being
Nicole Roybal: Like I am as a whole.
Nicole Roybal: Just you're asking
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it. Let's go at it like this. I want you to picture that it's your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to picture that it's your dad saying you should be
Gwenevere Abriel: In a home with kids in a better relationship in a good job. I want you to picture that it's not coming from you. I want you to picture your dad's doing it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens to your belief about yourself. Then when you picture him doing it. You're not doing it to yourself, but it's coming from outside someone else's saying that about you into you.
Nicole Roybal: Do you believe about you. I feel like crap like this.
I feel small.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do you want to think about yourself. When someone shares their own value onions. Okay, go slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am nothing is the is the negative thought, okay, we just found it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that negative feedback, right, that criticism and judgment is coming out, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to know what's the ideal belief, you'd like to have about yourself.
Nicole Roybal: When people are time you stuff like that.
Haha
Nicole Roybal: Well, I think they need a my own business.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. I'm with you keep
Gwenevere Abriel: Us and Nicole, they're not, they're crossing over getting in your business. So now come back to you. Again, I want to know when they're not minding their own business and getting up in your face telling you how to live your life. I want to know what you want to believe about yourself.
Nicole Roybal: I want to believe like to be
Nicole Roybal: Thankful like one of those like strong independent woman.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool. All right.
Nicole Roybal: There's just stuff on my own and not have to worry about.
Nicole Roybal: Borrowing money to pay my bills. I won't be able to do it all by myself. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you there. So we're going to do a little bit of this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Monster cognition is I am strong.
Gwenevere Abriel: And independent
Gwenevere Abriel: So are you in an environment that we could be able to do this kind of work. Is it going to be effective, you think
All right, yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Just close all their doors. So, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. So first let's do um
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see. Well, let me check first how distressed. Are you let's do the zero to 100 right now.
Nicole Roybal: Right now I've calmed down a lot. Now I'm down to like
Nicole Roybal: It's like 5045. Hey, I know I wouldn't do so five just like
Nicole Roybal: Go up or down with 5.5
Nicole Roybal: Less
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me ask you something from a different scale, it's, it's actually one to seven. How true is it right now seven being absolutely true.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am strong and independent How true is that
Nicole Roybal: One honestly just not
Nicole Roybal: Everybody knew anything right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe everything you say is honest, you never have to preface it with that.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know why I do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't get distracted. Stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to decide.
What can do it.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
You know what
Gwenevere Abriel: So, nice and slow. What I want you to do is I want you to pull up the worst image. I can't tell whether it's something present whether or you're picturing yourself in the future. The worst part.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of this I'm alone. Right. And I'm not in this job. I'm not in this like whatever that worst imagery is for you. I want you to pull it into your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: The worst
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want you to have this awareness of being surrounded
Gwenevere Abriel: By your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: By you knowing
Gwenevere Abriel: How to Create safety through care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Confidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how to do it just like one does.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can bring to this space, Tiffany.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the wise figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me know when when all of that all the wise figures, the team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do your best to pull up that worst image now WORST piece of it. And then I want you to look at the screen and you're going to be looking at his left and right at the tempo that I said okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know when you're there.
Nicole Roybal: Hey,
Nicole Roybal: I'm so sorry.
Nicole Roybal: Yes, here.
Nicole Roybal: On the coffee table. Okay, I'm sorry. I was there too. Okay monomers. I do know that
Nicole Roybal: They
Gwenevere Abriel: Cannot worse thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst image around. Hmm.
Nicole Roybal: Well independence and all that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hole in this is
Gwenevere Abriel: being surrounded, you know you're there with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Personality and constitution, it's you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You care, you are confident you know how to create safety and you welcome in Tiffany
Gwenevere Abriel: You will come in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tony and howling
Gwenevere Abriel: And they're surrounding you. They're interacting everything and everyone together there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, open your eyes. And you can look at those. The top of the objects.
Gwenevere Abriel: At my pace that I'm setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be a little close. I wonder if your eyes are getting strained maybe just lean back.
Nicole Roybal: Again, there's a laggard behind to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's going to need to change.
Gwenevere Abriel: An inch might help just sort of straighten your posture just even inch
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's nice and slow. This this iteration. So, nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring your team into your awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: And try to pull up the worst.
Gwenevere Abriel: Piece of that imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: Checking into the future.
Nicole Roybal: I think the worst part is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we'll stop. Let's take a nice inhale. Inhale in, and then exhale, let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so something was coming up for you what was coming up.
Nicole Roybal: I guess maybe the independent thing is more about like
Nicole Roybal: Being able to have money to raise a family and I can share that they're able to live a good life. They want to be in sports, it could be in sports. I have the money for it. You know, like, stuff like that, since I was never able to be traveling to say
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna, we're gonna go with that hope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up the worst image in your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you just said, and that worst projection into the future and take a look left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is almost at the pace. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Sorry to get back on track.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stopping inhale together nice inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale,
Let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing.
Nicole Roybal: Now her
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what's going on.
Nicole Roybal: It's like Christmas pounding little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what's the thought gone through your head.
Nicole Roybal: Um, honestly, I thought this now it's
Nicole Roybal: All about the kids like my Time's running out or with
Nicole Roybal: Early after Gavin before certain age and like it's already
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we're going to go with that. Time is running out, pull up that worst image. Okay. And now I want you to surround yourself with
Gwenevere Abriel: All of the quality and in fact inside of you is, these, these very qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: Of creating safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Strength confidence caring
Gwenevere Abriel: Wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you've got it. Let's open the eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And take a look at this left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale and
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, all the air out and let it go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you.
Nicole Roybal: Don't worry, relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's going on in your mind.
Nicole Roybal: Just sometimes exaggerate things and
Nicole Roybal: I gotta be happy that I'm even here.
Gwenevere Abriel: can kind of go with that. I want you to go with what you just said, pulling that worst imagery. Okay, here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together nice nourishing breath into that belly and then
Gwenevere Abriel: it all out, letting go.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you noticing about you.
Nicole Roybal: Think about all that.
Nicole Roybal: Like being independent I be here. It's having a job. Having a family.
Nicole Roybal: And
Nicole Roybal: I'm just trying to just like go positive and he told me to think that, but then like I'm trying to, like, I don't want anything to make it so I'm trying to, I guess, my mind and know me.
Nicole Roybal: I guess you don't have these things. But isn't that you're not going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah I don't have them now.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't mean I won't
Nicole Roybal: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up all of those qualities of your team right now pull them into your mind without thought
Gwenevere Abriel: I create safety, I invite in nurturing people like Tiffany who see my strength.
Gwenevere Abriel: surround myself with wise people, they have a sense of humor. A little snarky and is to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have it to you. Qualities be present with those qualities and just because I don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: Those things that imagery doesn't mean I won't have house family job in the future. Open your eyes.
Nicole Roybal: Right to get to those cry, my eyes are just Gago dry.
Gwenevere Abriel: In health and well being, our last one, just kind of nice. Nice. Inhale and exhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: So my next clients here, what I want you to do is think about what important came up for you today and call
Gwenevere Abriel: What came up for you that's important to you.
Nicole Roybal: So let me just write this down. Right click
Nicole Roybal: OK.
Nicole Roybal: And I'm so are we gonna do Friday again next week or
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure what. But tell me, tell me what came up for you. That's important.
Nicole Roybal: Or, you know, for me, was
Nicole Roybal: I just felt
Nicole Roybal: Like once like I have it was good thoughts fan. Right. I felt like I had those people around me in notes on my mind. I actually felt like I could do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Positive cognition is I can do this.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, right. I can do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, like a shy enough to get your list and I gotta stop but I suck it up.
Nicole Roybal: And you
Gwenevere Abriel: For the invitation this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you want to dip into what you call the pity party before
Gwenevere Abriel: Go and have a party instead with your team be present with those qualities in yourself and realize and in a sense you recognize it in these other figures because you have it in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember how it started with Gwen and then you realize, Wait a minute, I know how to invite safe people in and you didn't need me anymore. You have that in you and it's the same with Tiffany she sees in you, your strength, you can
Gwenevere Abriel: You can yourself to
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're about to make a decision when you're about to really kind of delve into sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe push it off and say, you know what I'm going to be present on a meditate and do some breathing and really be present with I choose to be in a different neural network want to do some imagery and really be present with my team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all of a sudden
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in a relaxed body. I'm okay.
Nicole Roybal: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Practice putting breath together and this imagery
Nicole Roybal: Can you do
Nicole Roybal: That yes
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, let's meet again next Friday for sure at nine o'clock, that's just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have medication attached to today. Should I be sending a message anywhere.
Nicole Roybal: I'm actually the Gabba Penton actually I only have enough for like the weekend on me go to
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to be in group on. Oh yeah, you don't have enough to Tuesday. So, okay, no problem. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm Nick Nicole needs Gabba Fenton
Gwenevere Abriel: And she is or she will be out
Gwenevere Abriel: Shortly.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No Suboxone needed right
Nicole Roybal: No, I'm good, till Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, my dear. Be good to you please practice that imagery. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: I promise I will. All right. Yeah. Was it when you say
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: To begin,
iPhone: And I know I'm not supposed to have my head on, but my heaters broken in my house. Oh, it doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine.
iPhone: And I'm sorry, I'm having a lot of anxiety right now so
iPhone: Almost skipped it just
Gwenevere Abriel: What, like what what's running through your head. What are those thoughts.
iPhone: I don't know, it's just like just anxiety. Like when I woke up, I mean, it's obviously because I relapse. I mean, I just
iPhone: But I barely got back on the Suboxone yesterday at lunchtime. So, my body's still feeling pretty
iPhone: pretty crappy. Yeah, so I'm just having that I just had once that gets back to my system and I, you know, I'd start doing what I'm used to do any again, I'll be fine. That's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, sometimes we push through some discomfort and I think you're worth it. So let's let's keep pushing through. Okay. Now, is there anything where there's a concern in her personally like you think I'm going to be like lecturing you or something. Is there any doubt in here.
iPhone: Nice, just like I don't even know what things. It was about. It was just, I had anxiety, just right. Like I woke up at 6am with anxiety and
iPhone: Took my first starts. Usually when I used to take a trip. So I took it and I felt better and fell back to sleep at nine. And then I got up at 9am was just having bad anxiety.
iPhone: And it was it's been like that pretty much since I stopped using but I mean it's expected. It happens every time it just takes time for the Suboxone to start working again. I know it'll come
iPhone: Uh huh. I mean, I know and I'm, I mean, I messed it up. It's just, I do have questions for you though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, go for it.
iPhone: And I guess like I could start by just telling you what happened so on.
iPhone: All of last week I had the flu and strep throat and so I ended up missing group on Friday and so on Sunday.
iPhone: I was feeling good again and I was ready to go back to work. I was about to get in that on the highway and the thought just came across my head that I would be able to buy one pill and
iPhone: Take it that night and be fine and not
iPhone: Do it again. I remember feeling and believing that like with all my heart that I can take one that night and make it to work the next day, because it was the Super Bowl. I was. That was it. I was going to watch the Super Bowl and take a pain pill and so I took it.
iPhone: woke up the next morning and that we ended up that it was snowed like half a foot here so we didn't work all week. And so my head just kept telling me okay well I can take it again tomorrow. I can take it today too because I don't have to work and then on
iPhone: Wednesday I told my mom Wednesday morning is when I had the last pill Wednesday 8:30am so I that night I ended up going to the emergency room and they admitted me and they kept me till noon yesterday.
iPhone: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna what diagnosis. Do they have no
iPhone: I, I went I went into the hospital, basically, and just told them hey look, I've been on Suboxone for almost a year I relapsed
iPhone: I my last pill. I had was this morning and I don't really know what else to do it other than to come here because I was hurting so bad, like the withdrawals. I wanted to just get through the night.
iPhone: So I could take my Suboxone instead of taking other pain pill, you know, because that's what I would have resulted to instead I was. I didn't want to be on them anymore and
iPhone: So I went and just told the doctor that and the doctor basically told me he was like okay well you have three options. I can shoot you up with morphine right now and you have to go through all of this again tomorrow, or I can keep you here.
iPhone: And we will give you out of and through the night, just to keep you kind of comfortable and asleep so you can get to that mark where you can take your sandbox and and that's what they did.
iPhone: So, but he was actually the new er director and he's a he was the Suboxone doctor so he kind of I got lucky that
Gwenevere Abriel: You got so lucky. I don't even know how to tell you I was I. My mouth is like
iPhone: Because most er doctors have no clue. And every time I've gone in before they don't know what Suboxone is or they don't know
iPhone: Yeah, so, but it was rough and but my question is, I don't
iPhone: I don't understand why.
iPhone: I get that thought, you know, whenever things start going so good. It's not when things are bad. It's when things are really good. I truly believe I can get that one night, have fun and or something and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's going to be at the heart of our work together. This you you're, you, you, you, you identified a key trigger right and this is going to going to feed what we focus on. So some good thing happened here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We get to really find out what's going on with that that intolerance for fun, happy just being
Here, just chill.
You want this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't just be here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to spend time doing that I have. I'm just a little bit of a question. I'm trying to walk this through them and just see something
Gwenevere Abriel: I Sunday, I felt good and Super Bowl was Which Day Is that Sunday.
iPhone: Yes, Sunday night.
Gwenevere Abriel: When did you stop taking Suboxone
iPhone: I took one I took one Sunday morning. I didn't take it at lunch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you stopped stopped lunch on Sunday. Yes.
iPhone: Well, the last one I took was Monday morning or Sunday morning. I mean, I didn't take the one at lunch on on Monday on Sunday. I mean, I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it right now.
iPhone: And I took the pain pill about 830 that night about 14 hours later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who would who were you planning on spending the Super Bowl with
iPhone: I was by myself at home. I mean, I was literally just that's what the crazy thing to me was looking back was my brain told me that I was just gonna
iPhone: Be able to enjoy this one night and then it was gonna make me enjoy it better and my body or, I don't know, like that's what blows my mind is why I decided that it would be okay or that
iPhone: Why, I thought I would be able to just do one because I know for a fact every other time of the day, or if you'd asked me the day before I would have told you, hell no, I can't take one.
iPhone: Never stopped, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's focus on the
Gwenevere Abriel: Back a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You. This is not your first relapse. How many of them have been around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you you had a slip or relapse.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were about to be alone. How many of them were like that.
iPhone: I don't think any of them. I mean like I was, I mean my grandma was here, like I was around family still
iPhone: But oh my god was my grandma was here, she lives with me, but I was just at home alone, but like I wasn't, it wasn't none of them were based off of me being alone, though I was always going to be around somebody to okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And so going back in in history.
iPhone: Well, I guess the last relapse and sep tember it was I was alone, and I was whenever I was on bed rest.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I heard something else. I heard I had all week off from work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what you've taught me in the past is your, your, sort of go to coping skill is or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: The I had no idea that was going on. You didn't tell me
iPhone: So this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you identify I may not agree, but you do is this distraction has really helped you stay focused distraction, most people I get your mind out of that network with all of those links to substance use.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you didn't. You didn't say, Holy shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have the one thing that keeps me sober.
Gwenevere Abriel: The red flags could have been going off, you could have been, like, Oh my gosh, and you could have gone to your list of things and really acknowledged in real time. This is no joke. I have to get busy.
iPhone: That's what, that's what the thing I'm telling you is like
iPhone: It feels like any other time of my life before that one moment when that thought came into my head. That's how I was thinking, but
iPhone: Because I didn't work. The whole week before either because I had strep throat in the flu. But I was fine. I was. I didn't have any desire of using and then it's literally once that
iPhone: I don't know what set that thought off in my head. Oh no, I do. Someone had just texted me and said they were just, they were just like, Hey, I have these and I had done a good job of blocking at all. The past ones up
iPhone: My phone numbers, whatever. Well, someone had
iPhone: just text me and said, Hey, I got some of these 30 milligram pills. What the what I was taking, but it was somebody that
iPhone: Normally would never send me something like that. So I didn't have their number blocked and that's what got the thought started in my head was maybe I can just take one and
iPhone: I don't know. I decided to do it, there's no excuse. I mean, I, I did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: See I'm
iPhone: Terrible about it now but I
iPhone: Damn, I don't understand myself even
Gwenevere Abriel: We're spending time investigating this is a very complex dis ease. This is not simple. Okay, this is complex. So just don't have to rush to it. Let's take our time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: You told me earlier that you
Gwenevere Abriel: You said I don't have a lot of experience and just being fine and enjoying things on a sort of low level, I have to dial it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back in time. I want to hear the earliest recollection of where you were intolerance, where it was not okay for you to be just having a good time. But it wasn't okay you had to amp it up, go back
iPhone: I've said this in meetings before, as far as I can remember, I've been restless irritable and discontented
iPhone: I mean, like, since I was a baby. I remember feeling that feeling of but back then. I thought it was like I needed a new toy or I needed a new this but I was always never content. I feel like I was born this way.
iPhone: But I remember feeling that my entire life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's powerful and i and i and i and i can hear by how easily you're able to put words to it. But that's a very different thing, then the body, maybe have have had gotten a hold of you just being you.
Gwenevere Abriel: In this sort of low low level, you know, calm, we're just in a relaxed body and everything's fine. But I don't know is where in your storyline.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was a threat response to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I just wonder how just play with me on this one. Just go. Go back and I know you have the memorized little phrase, and I get that it's convenient. It'll get us somewhere, but go a little deeper, go to see if you can catch an image of yourself just hanging out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just doing you
Gwenevere Abriel: And if something negative happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or it wasn't okay that you could just do you
Gwenevere Abriel: wasn't enough wasn't okay
iPhone: I don't know, I feel like always, if I was alone as far back as I can remember. I was always wanting to be with someone else or doing something
iPhone: If I was at home. Whenever I was a kid by myself I was miserable. I was feeling like I was being left out, and I should have been with my friends or
iPhone: As far back as I can remember. The only time I remember being able to just sit and be content would be like after I wrote my dirt bike for the day and came home and then I could just sit there. But other than that, I didn't have times where I could just sit there like that and be alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me just check in, could you picture yourself at age seven
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you see right around that age. That's like what third grade or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you see where you're like, oh, restless was an image that
iPhone: I just been in my room. I gotta remember this one specific time where I even stole the phone and went out to the backyard and called My grandma was like hey can you take me
iPhone: To castle and and to play pub. But, but it's just this place here that we have, but because my mom wouldn't. It was like a Sunday afternoon and I was just sitting at home. I remember. And I felt like all my friends were out doing stuff and I wanted to be gone and doing stuff with them and
iPhone: I don't know, literally, as far as I can remember. I felt like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep going. Go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: A little younger set
iPhone: I mean I seriously as far back as I can remember, I've never been. I'm trying to get
iPhone: In there with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back.
iPhone: I even remember preschool, like I was always feeling like I
iPhone: Like for example, like I had a cousin that went to preschool with man like I always felt like his aunt would take him to go or his mom. My aunt would have to always take him to go do
iPhone: Like out to eat or get McDonald's on the way home, and my mom would just take me straight home to eat dinner that she would cook and like would make me mad if I didn't go with my aunt, because I wanted to go out, have fun and play with my cousins instead of go home.
iPhone: I mean, that's what I'm saying. I don't ever remember a time where I was content.
iPhone: Except this last I mean the only time I can remember is whenever I'm doing good on Suboxone like am working, that's the only time I feel normal.
iPhone: That's the only time I've ever felt normal
Gwenevere Abriel: And when your
Gwenevere Abriel: Mother, let's say, let's take her when she describes you. How does she described you really early age as a little guy.
iPhone: I don't know going. Honestly, I have to ask her. I didn't know she'd say, rowdy, though, for sure, that'd be one of the words, but I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you ask them some time to say, Hey, um, do you remember any age where
Gwenevere Abriel: I was sort of comfortable in my own skin. I could kind of play alone, and I could just kind of entertain myself.
iPhone: Oh, she'll tell you know we were talking about this the other day with my my cousins that were in town, she'll tell you that I won't, but I never was. But I was always the one running around trying to do something.
iPhone: And my little brother's the exact opposite of me. That's why it always gets brought up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now who's in the house now.
iPhone: Nobody just me and my dog.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you know it was going to be like that today.
Yes.
iPhone: Well, I knew my grandma was gonna be working from nine to 12
Gwenevere Abriel: And you woke up anxious this morning. Yeah.
Very
iPhone: At six o'clock.
iPhone: And then I took a strip and went back to sleep and woke up anxious again and I know
iPhone: That's the thing about every time I've gotten back on the well this is only the second time of me relapse in and it being on fentanyl every other time it's been hydrocodone or oxycodone or something in
iPhone: The fentanyl is a lot worse on my body. So, but every morning for about a week after I get back on the Suboxone that'll happen to me, I'll feel like that and then I'll kind of just get back into the groove of things, I guess.
iPhone: I just don't know what like because even right now. I could swear up and down. I'll never touch a pill. Again, I'll never go through that pain. I had to go through two days ago again.
iPhone: But that's what I said. The last time, too. And that thought. I just wanted or if there's even a way to keep that thought from creeping in. I don't know.
iPhone: That's what scares me because it's happened to me so many times.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the brain just for just a little while.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, the brain has lots of neural connections to the reward that it got
Gwenevere Abriel: And it may be connected at the substance use history that's connected, probably to having fun, it's got lots of memory to it. Lots of connections. Let's the images, having fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: You started to feel good after the flu.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might have been all it took you are in this network.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot feeling good is good. In fact, feeling good. In fact, I could feel good. In fact, there's this here, this little text just came through. I could feel good. I can keep having this feeling good. You were in network you already over there. You didn't have work to distract you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't have to be some big complicated thing you just kept staying and you were staying curious and that you kept on that side of the brain where let's say it's over here. Here's the network huge lots of connections in history to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm, didn't have the convenience of distraction with work.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was in place.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was a habituation
iPhone: And routing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going boxing I'm making something up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You would have been focused on learning a new technique would have been focused on the experiential exercises of movement.
Gwenevere Abriel: You or you volunteered somewhere, whatever this other neural network, you would have been
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are monitoring, you are modifying you literally created another connection over there in that negative network.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did more of it. You want to know why you spent time with it. You could have done, and you've been here on this for years gone and done right the next right thing but you didn't use minutes or seconds entertaining this and the
Gwenevere Abriel: Connected to adult consonant said this is going to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember all the great
iPhone: Doesn't when I thought that to it.
iPhone: I swear I there was no like back thinking of consequences or nothing. There was no thinking of how the withdrawal is going to feel or the anything this
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here, this is all so Super Bowl.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to be grateful feeling great. Great. Well, good.
iPhone: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This anticipation
iPhone: feel so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your old up of interpretation. Awesome.
iPhone: See in that looks like.
iPhone: You're just going to pull up
Your
Gwenevere Abriel: Motion for getting it done.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is why it is so crucial which not only have a list of things to do. You've got to have this these relapse prevention behaviors. And that's, and I've been telling you, I'm very subtle and not a bossy kind of person, but I'm like, it's just work. That's all you got, huh.
iPhone: Yeah, I know I've been trying to find I just haven't done a good job. I haven't prioritized
iPhone: Doing that, which I should have
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so it's that one, but it's also a hope you hear that this is the brain. Now it's set up.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's wired so that you get those opening rewards. Now you've screwed it up with the drug use, but the mechanism.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is still a good one. It wants you to have reward because it gets you to eat gets you to procreate. And it gets you to, you know, enjoy a sunset. It gets you. You know, you get a little dopamine hit when you feel really understood and loved and so we need it.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This done with it. The drug. Okay, so you want to say, well, how did I do this. Yes.
iPhone: Sorry, let me the phone answering
iPhone: Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you get from a drug is so seductive, you're going to get this huge rush
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming back once you got in there. You're like, this is going to be great. It's gonna be great. It's gonna be great can be great. It's gonna be so awesome. It's gonna be great. Oh my gosh, my so it's gonna be great.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you just over there on the wrong side of the brain. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't. You can't say I'm a ship for it. You just gotta go. There are so many memories attached to. It's going to be fun. It doesn't have any of the negative ones. It just doesn't
iPhone: Know what, just me out is like
iPhone: Every single day and every four months before that, and even in this moment right now thinking about going and getting a pain pill and getting high tonight makes me have more anxiety. Like I would never even think of it in my wildest dreams, right now, which is why
iPhone: Whenever I told my mom that I relapsed, it was so hard for her to understand that what how, you know, like it was hard for me to put into words because I really didn't even understand, you know, yeah, and
iPhone: This is the first time that I've ever been able to
iPhone: Kind of correct myself the way I did and three days without going to jail or detox or rehab or
iPhone: And I told her I was like I'm trying my best. I just wanted to let you know, to be honest, because this is what you asked me to do.
iPhone: But I told her I was like, I'll talk with my therapist to try to figure it out. But I don't know on it. I kept telling her, I don't know. He had even an hour before I had that thought I could have told you that I'll never touch a pill again and truly believed it.
iPhone: And I don't think that's what blows my it blows my mind to. I don't. And I know that she thinks that's bullshit like that they think is
iPhone: Because whenever I'm in my right mind even on the Suboxone and I'm doing good.
iPhone: I, I look at you know like I was talking to you about Keegan, like, it can be so easy for you just to pull yourself out of it. But it's hard it's it's a lot harder. Whenever you're doing it and I could never put into words to someone that hasn't been through it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get behind the good stuff. The Good Stuff is you
Gwenevere Abriel: Told me told your mom, you could have given yourself more exits by lying to her you close some exits that's admirable
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you didn't lie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: There might also be some pieces. I remember thinking when you first told me that she had the flu. I mean, when you think about how similar the
Gwenevere Abriel: Flu is kicking it
iPhone: Draws yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And then guess what you feel good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's connected. I'm feeling good. Well, maybe I can keep this going. And so maybe some piece of that was going on.
iPhone: Well, that's
iPhone: Because last week when I had the flu. I told my mom. I feel like I'm withdrawing
iPhone: Uh huh. I told her that that's exactly what I told her. That's what I felt like
Gwenevere Abriel: And and the body may be registering that. And so then what do you do when you're feeling what you guys call I'm sick.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it just got stuck in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's talk about something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to talk about the difference right now between
Gwenevere Abriel: You just saying this is just a blip, it'll never happen again and that there's nothing that you need to do differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you could see this as a very serious thing just happened. You were on Suboxone
iPhone: That's how I do my
Gwenevere Abriel: best of intentions and
iPhone: That's how I see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you do not ask something so this
iPhone: Is coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: At something
Gwenevere Abriel: This same thing may happen again.
iPhone: Can you imagine
iPhone: Every time you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Like knowledge like anxiety like flats, or some piece of this that immediately feeling the go to guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it may all
Because it goes
iPhone: Consequence.
Over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other
Gwenevere Abriel: Chains sites work.
Your
iPhone: Question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let me do this.
All right.
iPhone: Fine. Go ahead. Go ahead. My mind's not all there still
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So, okay, do it again later but
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't know how important this is. I turn you see that your way. The doing it your way ain't gonna work.
iPhone: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not gonna believe me. You're not gonna believe what I'm selling you won't buy what I'm selling
Gwenevere Abriel: You let me get. Let me get it out. This is huge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Liquid. It was connected to the flow.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you are spending time working out and going to the gym, you have all these friends all this don't mean reward network here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your brain may
Gwenevere Abriel: Include going over there.
iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want this to grow. I wanted to be bigger, bigger, bigger, bigger keep listening, all these connections happen to reward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Experiences friends, family fun activities.
Gwenevere Abriel: have now been connected to each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: This
Gwenevere Abriel: Other network, it starts
Gwenevere Abriel: If pieces of it they fall away.
What we
Gwenevere Abriel: Are still fall away me all the things that I learned in school are gone. Don't revisit them anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to spend my time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what did you have you had nobody around and you had no work.
iPhone: Yeah, that's why my question to you was because I've been texted before like but at different times of the week and people asked me the same thing. Hey, I have this, what do you want some
iPhone: But it beyond a Tuesday in my mind automatically think, oh, there's no way in hell. There's just no way because I know I have work, whatever, whatever, but
iPhone: I've even been tested on a Sunday, where I knew I had to work Monday and been thought. Nah. There's just no way I can do it.
iPhone: But this Sunday I, we were off the Monday after and we because they wanted to watch the Super Bowl. So I just
iPhone: Below i i remember truly believe in, in my head, I could just do it. And so that's, I didn't ever look at it as you're saying maybe my brain is connected back to that week before it.
iPhone: Or the it feeling good after the flu or I'm never thought about any of that. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Most of us, when we think about our thoughts, we can't. We're not too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's literally
Gwenevere Abriel: gushy saying this, right, my dream.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna have to work hard getting habituated to other behaviors.
It's not a small thing.
iPhone: That we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking about hobbies. It's not a small thing, but you're spending time with other people that are influencing
Gwenevere Abriel: On they have no connection to drug use and that part of your brain needs development.
iPhone: Yeah. Does
Gwenevere Abriel: Needs to fade away. And yes, what do I think, do I think you need to get a new phone number. Yeah. Do you need to drop that one all together, so nobody can text, you know, Mo.
iPhone: I changed it on Wednesday. That's why you
Do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you see that I couldn't have told you how important
iPhone: That
Gwenevere Abriel: You wouldn't even like work it out. You still had exits.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are still
Gwenevere Abriel: Evaluating me, we found that on a real time.
iPhone: Well, I guess that's the thing about this time is, I still had ways to get pills and get high. This time, but I chose to stop.
iPhone: Before it's always been me having to get to that point of having no more exit. But having to tell my mom because I'm hurting
iPhone: And so I can get somewhere. This time I still had three pills in my pocket and was trying to go to the hospital, you know i just i whenever I told my mom that morning.
iPhone: I gave them to her and she threw him away and we told her that I promised I would go to the emergency room that night. I've never been able to do that before but I
iPhone: I still don't.
iPhone: It's just hard for my brain to wrap around that.
iPhone: I have to work on forever and ever and
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know. But what if it's just this simple entertained it a fraction of a second too long. Just keep it simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: You went there and with that fraction of a second too long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Deep Neural Network.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or not entertain it
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at the calculating, you little schemer
Gwenevere Abriel: There and thought about and waited.
Gwenevere Abriel: To work that into
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have your spent a lot of scheming over there on that network. I'm not kidding.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember we were doing this role play
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I said, Come and none of y'all are saying, skip the fuck away from me, how come none of you are doing that with grace. You're all being so sweet and nice and all you need to know. I'm talking about it wants to kill you.
iPhone: And he
Gwenevere Abriel: Is oh he's talking about. Look, look, he's thinking about me right now. Oh, oh, oh, it's awesome Superman was going to be made me amazing
Gwenevere Abriel: Grace can be great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great. That's all you here.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you do not say, Get the fuck away from me immediately and you already have a resource to go to go. What are you going to do right now, Trevor. If it pops up again. What are you going to go do what do you have to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's be realistic and you ain't got no work today watch you got no work. Now, fortunately, you had this today with me and I'm glad you're here. But that may have been enough, you know, to sort of say, Okay, I want to, you know, keep this accountability in place. I want to keep it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what else can you be doing. You got to get into your life. We got to build this other this other network of reward.
iPhone: Besides work yeah well at the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how it's going to go.
Because
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll end up
iPhone: Just talking to be left to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself again.
iPhone: And then I'll, I'll do it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, if you do not build this other stuff.
iPhone: It brings you happiness. And that's the been so hard for me. I don't know if I'm making excuses in my head. For this reason, because
iPhone: I've been in Clovis my whole life. So I know every single drug dealer every single word and I see them everywhere around town so
iPhone: I don't know. That's my excuses. Like, I don't want to go. That's why I don't leave the house. Most of the time, because I don't want to go. I don't want to see anybody because I don't want to see.
iPhone: Any of the old that's why whenever I'm gone at work during the week and Emeril I feel great. Like I feel like I'm free. And then I come home on the weekends and I'm just fucking miserable and
iPhone: But also, like you said, that could just be me telling myself that I'm making all up in my head. I don't know. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Same reason you changed your number I'm trying not to eat a bunch of sugar. I'm cutting back on sugar. I wanna you know it's not good for the for anything of the immune system. And I just go ahead and I'm just done still have all the sweets in my cupboard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would I do that it Trevor, if it turns out that you just have to get up out of this city.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your life is worth it. But I can't tell you that right now. I CAN'T. I CAN'T MAKE YOU HEAR ME
iPhone: Now, but I
iPhone: Remember the last time I relapsed I was, I had it set in place where I was moving to RIA dosa and and that fell out. And if I could do that. Still, I would, I just, I haven't been able to find Lockridge I know that
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you are an able bodied man. Oh, this part, you, you, you can get it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, perfect for you. You don't want the inconvenience you. You don't want to deal. Well, there's a consequence for it. The cookies are going to be a lower
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not giving yourself a chance
Gwenevere Abriel: To have groaning happen, you still have all these traders traders traders traders are the worst thing you could be doing is isolating staying home. No, I need you out.
iPhone: And that's why I feel like here though. I can do.
iPhone: That it gives me so much more like
iPhone: Whenever I leave the house, even if I leave the house in
iPhone: Clovis just for. It doesn't matter if things are going good. What if I'm just, it makes me have almost an anxiety attack just to go to Walmart and Globus because I don't want to see my family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on just
iPhone: Our family just people, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on just a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Back. I was a 11 year old and I got to take calls so it's
iPhone: All good.
Gwenevere Abriel: My kids and I think me and I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I think he's eating i think i think it's nothing. So, you know, anyway. Um, okay. So here we go. What, what do you, what are you doing with this information. What's going on for you right now.
iPhone: Honestly, I don't have anxiety, no more. I feel kind of
iPhone: better about everything. I don't know. I guess just talking. This is my problem here in Clovis is and I know I can always call you.
iPhone: I just my head also tells me I'm bothering her. She has power over me. Other people texting her asking the same shit, which I know is wrong, you would rather me text you but I don't have a single other person here other than you, that I could talk about this stuff with so I
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you've got to give yourself permission to reach out so
iPhone: And that's why I'm scared to, I think, Clovis, I don't know where to go find those people. I don't know where to go to even
iPhone: Though there's not meetings here that I can go to fatalis, like you said, but I just, I'm so there's so many bad memories attached to this town and bad connections, I guess you would say in my head that
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you do this you, you do have a way to us, you can reach out to me. Absolutely, but also this portales we've touched on it pretty clearly, there was a plan for you to actually go to a meeting there.
Gwenevere Abriel: There, there is, there was a plan for you to engage in. I can't remember if it's kickboxing or what the jujitsu thing was
Gwenevere Abriel: And there was motion, but you went with work, your work is going to take precedent, you're going to choose it nine out of 10am i right
I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not working.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not working for you. The social engagement. This
Gwenevere Abriel: Social medicine being cared for you being understood is
Gwenevere Abriel: Heaven. I mean, we're wired for this we need to know. I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't know all your scores yet. But something's going on with that because if you had a little decrease in anxiety. Right. You and I have gotten to know each other and
Gwenevere Abriel: Easily in
Gwenevere Abriel: A group right really benefit from from talking with a group of people on your head, get out of this negative stuff. And now I'm in all manner of dirt bikes into the deck. It's a club.
Gwenevere Abriel: For I don't know why, but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's important information to a recipe for you to know about.
iPhone: Well, that's why I did so good in Midland because they had a big A.
iPhone: Community there and I went to all these meetings, I had a great sponsor. I had
iPhone: More than I could even think of to count on you know I had more than 50 plus people I could call on any moment that could meet me right then and will do anything for me and
iPhone: I if I could move back there. I would, I just don't have the opportunity to Earth. And there's just not a community here. There's just
iPhone: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you own the fact that you may not have done online investigation. Have you really looked online.
iPhone: Because there's for Clovis, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Online.
iPhone: What do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: You can go online right now and you can be going to meetings.
iPhone: Oh, I know what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we'll see it. See, maybe it's like, well, that's inconvenient for me. Well, maybe it wasn't bad enough, maybe you're gonna go through this again. I'm not kidding.
Gwenevere Abriel: You this recipe you know about yourself that UD immediately. Ah, the second I visited the romance of that the the action of it, you went there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh 543-215-4321 and you immediately count count out loud and real quick you log on. Now, I think you would benefit from doing that online. Get yourself registered type it in at any online.
Gwenevere Abriel: Register.
iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what so write that down.
But, good, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something about um you church there was some mention of it, there might
iPhone: Be some yeah there's, there's, there's a church. And there's actually a service tonight. So I'm going with my mom and my grandma tonight.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to know that here in bright heart I have done this with people where I say
Gwenevere Abriel: Well then pop into one of these
Groups.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because now, for me, it's fun. I have plenty of people
Gwenevere Abriel: You're always welcome to write these down.
Might
iPhone: Say that one more time. You broke out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Monday 9am 1pm
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday 11am
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can meet with you for an unscheduled appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I I manage my own boundaries, Trevor. And I tell this one, but tell it to everyone. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean what I have to give. I'm an adult, so I won't say I can meet with you and then later on, make you feel like shit about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm nothing that I'm going to say, I don't have it to give. Here's what I do have to give, what can you access for resources, no joke, and let's get it done.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna need to set up.
iPhone: Some other things to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: It. You just, you just gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: Come down to you having to to
iPhone: Move.
Gwenevere Abriel: On you're on to that other town.
Is that
Gwenevere Abriel: An end, we're gonna have another slip and
Gwenevere Abriel: Say oh now I know I get it, I gotta go. Cuz
iPhone: I feel like I gotta go now. It's the thing
iPhone: I thought
iPhone: About the last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have money. What is really keeping you
iPhone: Just the
iPhone: Just the business honest. I mean just the work and not
Gwenevere Abriel: They are going to survive without you.
iPhone: Well, the honestly just money i mean i i don't
When
iPhone: I'm making enough money like just barely pay my bills and live
iPhone: And I can put about. That's why I only can make one of these a week. Like I make right at like $700 a week and I have a $600 car payment $230 insurance.
iPhone: I got a phone payment that's $180 I have bills that I'm paying to rehab. It's $180 a month, I have to pay my probation $50 twice a month. My analog. Well, that just got took off. Finally, but after I pay all my bills each week I have about $180 left
iPhone: And so that goes to gas and food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's a blessing that you happen to have a home right
iPhone: Yeah, cuz I'm not paying rent and that's
Gwenevere Abriel: But here's, here's the the hard thing to sort of adjust
Gwenevere Abriel: If this was not available to you, what would you change.
iPhone: I'd have to sell my car. I'd have to sell my car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't say anything. Just sit with that just sit there with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awful thought and I get it, but you are a grown ass man. Hold on. Don't get offended. I'm just using slang, just to be silly here. Okay, growing up is so
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we want both we want her pretty shiny things we don't want to be convenience.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just like that. Tough love might have come down with your brother, your mom might have finally just said I had it with you, she could do that to you. And would you give up on yourself like that to keep that pretty car.
iPhone: No, I mean, I had a truck. I gave up before that one for the reason being
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna get you're just you're a young man, you're going to get pretty shiny things again.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't quite get how important recovery first everything else. I mean, I
iPhone: Get it, I just don't put it into practice, I
iPhone: Understand, and I know I just
Don't
iPhone: I don't
And
iPhone: The reason being is because I haven't found those meetings that I can get to him fatalis or online. And that hasn't been fresh on my mind. I haven't been reading my book, like I used to. Because I was going to meetings every day and
Gwenevere Abriel: I have, I have to put in more effort I
Gwenevere Abriel: Would be giving you a hard time like
Gwenevere Abriel: This really confrontational. It's not really my style. I prefer to do the breadcrumbs and you pick them up along the way but I'm so I'm approaching it a little bit more directly
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're ultimately going to make you're going to make the decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't, how much more can your mother tolerate of damaging this trust you've developed with her, how many times
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, maybe if you did it. Now you are inconvenienced by the car being changing that the lifestyle changes and it's just an efficiency and Portela so wherever but
Gwenevere Abriel: What I message that would send that no bullshit. You're taking this serious like you never have before. No one's making you do it I as an adult did it.
iPhone: Work.
iPhone: For me,
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do for you that you're the one that said, I've got to actually put it into action and no one make you do it. Your mom's out making you do it the what that sends back to the self efficacy in the self esteem. No one can take from you again the power, the adult feeling of I got this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I faced inconvenience I faced all of that. I did it anyway. That's how important my health is and my happiness. That's how important it is knowing can mess with me now, you get a little text.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just fucking gave up my truck.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to hear your shit I just gave up my whole lifestyle. Fuck you. Okay. Right now you're in it.
iPhone: On your boy that I feel like that's what happened to me this week because whenever I was getting checked out of the hospital, like literally as I was walking to the car. Someone texted me. Hey, I have another somebody that owed me money. So it would have been a free two pills and
iPhone: I was like, I am literally getting checked out of the hospital. I'm never touching a pill. Again, please don't ever text me again and I'm in that thought process right now I just have to keep going with it and do the whole thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Help you
iPhone: I just needed to know that. I mean, I just, I just, I'm just type person I just
iPhone: I let me tell you how I was thinking because my brain right now. I felt like it was not working correctly. I wasn't in a spot where I could make right decisions.
iPhone: About what to do with my life right now. And that's why it's hard because I didn't have anyone to ask other than you but
iPhone: Now I'm just kind of more confident and what I need to do because I've already been thinking about it last night and the day before about how I just can't stay in Clovis, and I know how to make it happen. I have to do it.
iPhone: But
iPhone: I mean, there's
iPhone: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: It's getting in touch. This is actually believe it or not, and
iPhone: That's what I want. That's what and that's what I want.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever take pride in the fact that what you're about to do. It's not actually a little thing. This is actually an existential dilemma. This is I'm really on my own. I am my own person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can take care of myself in this world. I am there for myself. There's no bombastic father and there's no no it's not going to be this extreme that's going to finally get me off my ass know it can be subtle and slow and methodical, oh my gosh, but once you get it, you are going to see
iPhone: That nobody can trip up
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to know in real time. I am a man. I'm a grown person. I got this. I can save myself. I am here for myself.
iPhone: No one can hear from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So don't
Gwenevere Abriel: play this out.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a big deal. What you're about to do, but
iPhone: I mean, I feel good about it right now, but whenever that first hit me on Wednesday. Whenever I told my mom and she was like
iPhone: Okay, you will. You got to do it on your own. I'm not helping you. I'm not getting you to know detox or nothing. And then it kind of hit me like oh fuck this is
iPhone: That was the first time I didn't have someone that was willing to get me into a detox. So I had to figure it all out. I had to do it on my own and
iPhone: But I'm at. It made me feel a lot better. The way it got handled where I'm at right now compared to spending 1500 dollars if somebody's money and driving me four hours somewhere and having to come get me a week later, after I miss work and miss all these upon whatever like I've just
iPhone: It's been really hard, you know, just having to put my foot down and do it. But I did it and
Gwenevere Abriel: It was one call it one thing at a time. None of education, job learning new skill. It's never everything was always one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little step at a time don't overwhelm yourself with all of it. Just go commit to it 54321 countdown and already started an action calling places and tell us how do I move this car along
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what your list is you know what to do. Okay. And I'm happy to support you next time we meet will break it down. I can help with accountability. I can kind of push and encourage or whatever you want. Okay, to help with that happy to do it.
iPhone: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, of course, you can reach out, you can text. I've told people, even if you can't come up with words to send an emoji. You know, the one that's the he
Gwenevere Abriel: You know the stressed out. Phase one and I'll typically say hey, do you want to meet you doing okay and that's my way of saying I'm available like I'm here. Let me hear what you're going through.
iPhone: isolator
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst thing to do when that slippery thinking is coming in there. Okay.
iPhone: Yes, man. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
When are we meeting again.
iPhone: Next Friday. If we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Need an order of medicine right now to get this next appointment. Next Friday.
iPhone: I have like three days worth. I think from what I didn't take, but I need some I'll be short. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'll just communicate to him. Let me just get on Slack here.
iPhone: Like jack. We have I think I have like seven
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll tell him he thinks he has and He'll. He'll do his job. I'm not going to do his job for them all. Let him work it out. So let me just write that for you. Okay, so we've got Trevor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Met
Gwenevere Abriel: With me he believes he has how many days left
iPhone: Two days worth is worth left
Gwenevere Abriel: Our next appointment is
Gwenevere Abriel: What did I just say to something
iPhone: To fall we didn't say yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: To 14
iPhone: Oh, what a Friday. Yeah. Friday at what time
Gwenevere Abriel: And am, same thing.
iPhone: And do I need to tell him that I relapsed
Gwenevere Abriel: Um I texted him and let him know.
iPhone: Because, and I also wanted to tell you that the hospital sent me home with a prescription of Xanax and I didn't. My mom.
iPhone: Filled it but I didn't take it because I knew I wasn't allowed to with you guys. So I was going to ask the doctor if he could give me some more Clonidine or any or anything to help with the withdrawals, like the or something for like the diarrhea. It's
iPhone: Because I'm still having
iPhone: That a body aches and stuff, but with
iPhone: Even with the Suboxone I'm kind of going, I don't need it for long. Just like two to three days or whatever but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so he's having body aches.
iPhone: Diarrhea
Gwenevere Abriel: Without
iPhone: The cold sweats and and that's pretty much it. Everything else the Suboxone pretty much took care of, okay, and is asking for assistance.
Gwenevere Abriel: With is how many milligrams of
Gwenevere Abriel: Suboxone. Have you been taking
iPhone: I've been taking the eight to three times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And it's really hard for me to
Put
Gwenevere Abriel: It on the bottle. Does it say to take them at different times of the day.
iPhone: Let me see. I'm all, I'm almost positive mind does because the doctor knows I take them like that.
iPhone: Sensual talents.
iPhone: To ways
iPhone: Yes, it says, place one strip under the tongue three times a day for seven days.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is an awkward position for me so I
Gwenevere Abriel: Other doctors. Okay. And this is this is a doctor Solomon and I are on the same page, except right here.
iPhone: You feel they should be taken at one time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, walk through this
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the amount of medicine that needs to be in your bloodstream and it lasts in your bloodstream for 36 hours work if it only was in there for
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight hours. Why, then, of
Gwenevere Abriel: Course, we would ticket eight hours later, the whole point is to get the right amount in your bloodstream and then by the time you're asleep, and then it wears off. And in the morning. Then you take it in its last so long acting opioids, you
iPhone: Never thought about it like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are never getting the right dose all day long. So I have a really hard time with it. I've expressed it just a tiny bit for him. We
iPhone: Let me try it. I'll try it. Then I'll try it for two days.
iPhone: I don't mind trying. If it it'll make me feel better. I'm serious. I don't mind sharing it all.
Gwenevere Abriel: The rest of my caseload does
iPhone: Well, let me try. I'll try it tomorrow, okay, and
iPhone: If it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Give medical advice on attaining
iPhone: What I'm watching other people
Gwenevere Abriel: Do
iPhone: But that makes sense to me. That makes sense. Because for me, I start feeling like these.
iPhone: Like this feeling of withdrawal coming on. And by the time I'm ready to take my next one, you know, and that happens twice a day because I'm taking them like that. So I understand that I would much rather just take them and then
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're going to feel good and then the quantity is going to help with a tiny bit of you may not have any symptoms. Frankly, I think you're going to feel good right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because that's a lot of medicine.
iPhone: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then when you know later on if if at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're having trouble with sleep then then the quantity really helps with that in the cold sweats if if something, anything left that typically is done when people are tapering though you've never had a chance to just completely feel good. I don't understand it anyway.
iPhone: I don't get it. Yeah. Well, no, I've been feeling good, like the past the before I relapse those these last three four once he got me to three a day I was feeling great. And I was doing great, but
iPhone: Then I relaxed, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, anyway, let's just I'm sending him this message on my next client just walked in and a set appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next time, let's really hammer down concrete behaviors that are going to manifest into the universe that you are not full of shit. Okay.
iPhone: All right. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean.
iPhone: Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Just do the next right thing. I'll see you soon.
Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Sorry.
Jackie: I gotta deal with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, that's fine. I have plenty of people I see in the car. All day long I see him in their cars. I was just it
Jackie: Was just yeah this is the first time I've had to do this so I'm like, What do I don't my phone. So I'm sorry if it gets distracting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me just see something
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me open up a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: And once you tell me a little bit about maybe after that group, we were talking about shame and guilt and kind of what stuck with you around that topic.
Jackie: I feel like
Jackie: So Shannon was the bad one, right, like the one we're okay. I feel like I have I never even really noticed it, I guess. I thought it was kind of natural. I guess I have a lot of shame. I think I think so too.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do believe
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I am. I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: disappointed in myself that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Somewhere in there.
Jackie: Yeah, no.
I agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me get a note in here. So, um, so you thought about it, and you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you look back, just take this last week just analyze your own week and kind of go, Hmm, I wonder if I got shame activated or gone into A SHAME SPIRAL and you'd know you're in a SHAME SPIRAL because you started calling yourself names.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can figure out a couple of events where that happened throughout this last week.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are frozen Frozen frozen.
Jackie: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're back.
Jackie: I'm sorry, I don't know what that was. I hope this isn't going to be a problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it will probably go on and off.
Jackie: Sorry weapons. It's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're the one losing out on it. I'm just
Jackie: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: You're losing out on the service now me, I'm good.
Jackie: Point. Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen, you're here, we're talking about important stuff. Don't get distracted by by the technology as long as see you're coming back here. If it completely poops out. That's another matter. But you're back. So don't worry about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, so what I had asked you was to track back in the last month. Now that you have this this sort of refined understanding of the distinction between shame and guilt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wants you to track back this last week and see chicken. See, was I in shame because I sat here with a label about myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I kept feeding it with evidence that it's true. I'm a shit. I'm a, I'm a disappointment. I'm, I'm just, I'm a bad person. Look, look, here's another piece of evidence and you sat there and you didn't actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Take action and do anything about it. Or maybe there's evidence throughout the week that you went, oh
Gwenevere Abriel: Gosh, I forgot to get vegetables in everybody's food. This week, all I needed. I need to amp up the veggies and then you went shopping. Have you made sure there was vegetables. That's action. It's getting in the solution. See where you saw one or both.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
Jackie: I often do the, oh, I need to do this. Like, for example, you wrote a vegetables. That's a really good one. Like, I'm like, oh, I need to make healthier dinners for my kids and I want to do it, but like, everything gets in the way, the lack of time.
Jackie: It's like, oh, something always gets in the way, but I often feel guilty about. Yeah, things like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but that, then that's guilt. So you would know it. If you just went to the next time you saw an opportunity to follow through with something a standard that you believe in it. All you did was just go do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you went into name calling and crying and you went down this deep spiral which which happens for you.
Jackie: Both um I don't spiral so bad. Where I'm like crying, but like in my head, I'm like, oh my god, you're so dumb, like I vocalize that a lot like if I mess up even in school or something.
Jackie: I'll say like, Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so dumb or, I don't know, I find myself talking negatively like that about myself. Often, so I, I just think it's just something I'm so used to. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me an example of I'm so dumb. Give me a story that led to I'm so dumb.
Jackie: Okay. Like, for example, this just happened this morning, which is why I'm in the car. I had to have a meeting with
Jackie: Someone from my school. One of the like administrative people and she gave me her number. And she was like, well, here's my number, save it in your phone, but
Jackie: I want you to text me and I was like, Oh, you want me to text you like right now. And she was like, No, no, like text me because I prefer text over calls. And I was like, oh, okay. I'm sorry. I'm so dumb. I didn't even realize that
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so dumb. So you took just a basic linguistic miscommunication to I'm so dumb.
Jackie: Yeah.
Jackie: That's like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a little heavy handed so I feel it's interesting because I I think we just missed one week, but I feel like it's been a long time since I've connected with you.
Jackie: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it seem like that to you or no.
Jackie: It does. I feel like, yeah, I mean, it feels like a lot of time has gone by, but maybe because I'm so busy and so much happening that it just everything's a blur. It feels like okay, there's so much going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember feeling some progress in
Gwenevere Abriel: Checking
Gwenevere Abriel: That negative appraisal because it shows up in the. I'm sorry. Do you remember feeling some progress around it. And now if you sort of split screen. See it see it there. I can see I was catching myself doing that. And now how you're doing.
Jackie: I, yeah, I noticed that I was more conscious about saying sorry. Um, I feel like I kind of slipped up and I'm doing it again.
Jackie: But I think that's because like I've gotten lazy, not because I can't control it. But just because I like
Jackie: I got lazy. It's not like I take the time to like catch myself before I do it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. So it's just it's just lazy. Okay, so, so maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe just changing the language a little bit and saying that it actually takes effort.
Jackie: Right, it does. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does take effort.
Jackie: And I didn't even realize it, but the whole me saying like, I'm sorry. I'm so dumb or I'm so STUPID or like now that you mentioned it i i do that a lot.
Jackie: Probably as much as I say, sorry. Honestly, I didn't even realize until you said it. But yeah, I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not only. I'm sorry, but you'll also say something disparaging about yourself.
Jackie: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Woman
Jackie: I don't know what it is. It just, I guess. I don't know what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: We weren't making some inroads I think around the why you you can't kind of identify kind of where that came from.
You're frozen.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're coming back. I can hear audio waiting for video to come back.
Jackie: Right. Are we, I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: So are you saying that today you've lost whatever sort of breadcrumbs. You are getting to understanding where this came from. Is it gone now.
Jackie: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's fine. I opened. I had time while we were frozen to pull up the previous note.
Jackie: Can I okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And bring us back to the progress that you were making
Jackie: Please do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Good sentences or they're not always beautiful, but it's the gets the idea so
Gwenevere Abriel: It bring makes me a little nervous. I'm ready to go from two strips to one strip eventually having thoughts. Okay, now I'm going to be asked to boxing and go back to old things no self confidence. I don't know, I feel like someone needs to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client offered. This is me. Let me see, to do
Gwenevere Abriel: intrusive thoughts. Okay you hadn't done homework assignment did not work on homework assignment of the. I'm sorry, because I feel like I did not do something. I was told to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you you believed in the. I'm sorry. It sounds like you thought, well, I needed to be sorry. It happens instantly took four days to forget about the homework I thought internally, think before I speak, pay attention to what I wanted to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: I realized how
Gwenevere Abriel: Often I say sorry
Gwenevere Abriel: How naturally it came. I know why I don't want to let people down
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, or cause conflict.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, you did. No.
Jackie: Absolutely. That is so true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it just didn't stick
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to let people down. Yep.
Jackie: That's a big one.
Gwenevere Abriel: But do you do realize, and this is this is just an opinion, but it isn't just letting them down.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's how you're going to feel when you perceive you have disappointed someone
Jackie: Guaranteed it's I think it's both. Like, I don't, because then I think about how it feels to be let down and I'm like okay I caused this person to feel that way. But then, in turn, thinking of the way that I made them feel it makes me feel bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's actually, it's, it's just to use a phrase, it's really none of your business to get on their side, it's just your business to pay attention to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You hold yourself to the best ability that you can right i'll be responsible. All I'm managing a lot of competing obligations and pressures. I'm doing the best I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you cannot skip through life without disappointing people because you don't actually know what people's standards are and expectations. We don't make them disappointed you cannot control that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know where I'm going to be disappointed. Do you really
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know
Jackie: What you don't so
Gwenevere Abriel: You do this spray
Gwenevere Abriel: Of. I'm sorry. Just you nobody, you're going to get to find out what it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't get to find out in reality.
Jackie: I have been told so many times in my life that I shouldn't worry about what other people